Using HiPart
============

For the terminology used in this chapter we refer to the :ref:`theory`.

HiPart is actually not a single program but a collection of Python scripts that
can be used from the command line to perform population analysis on Gaussian
computations as a post-processing step. All scripts start with ``hi-``, which
makes it easy to get an overview of all available script. Just enter ``hi-`` on
the command line and hit the ``TAB`` key twice::

    toon@poony ~> hi-
    hi-atomdb.py                hi-multipoles.py
    hi-bond-orders.py           hi-net-overlap.py
    hi-charges.py               hi-overlap-matrices-orb.py
    hi-dipoles.py               hi-overlap-matrices.py
    hi-esp-test.py              hi-spin-charges.py
    toon@poony ~> hi-

Note that the part ``toon@poony ~>`` is the shell prompt, which may look
differently on your Linux box. You don't have to copy it. It is always included
in the examples below to show in which directory each command is executed, i.e.
right before the ``>`` character, it shows the current directory.

Test molecules
--------------

All examples below illustrate the usage of HiPart through the analysis of the
electronic structure of the `alanine <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alanine>`_
and alanine radical in the gas phase. The structure and atom numbering are
depicted in the figure below:

.. image:: alanine_small.png

All computations are carried out at the B3LYP/6-31G(d) level with Gaussian03.
A ``tar.gz``-archive with all the files needed to run the examples below can be
downloaded `here <http://molmod.ugent.be/code/static/hipart-example.tar.gz>`_.
The archive can be downloaded and unpacked on your Linux box as follows::

    toon@poony ~> wget http://molmod.ugent.be/code/static/hipart-example.tar.gz
    toon@poony ~> tar -xzf hipart-example.tar.gz

The is directory of the archive::

    toon@poony ~> find hipart-example | sort
    hipart-example
    hipart-example/alanine
    hipart-example/alanine/gaussian.com
    hipart-example/alanine/gaussian.fchk
    hipart-example/alanine/gaussian.log
    hipart-example/alanine-radical
    hipart-example/alanine-radical/gaussian.com
    hipart-example/alanine-radical/gaussian.fchk
    hipart-example/alanine-radical/gaussian.log
    hipart-example/atoms


Running proper Gaussian jobs
----------------------------

In order to run a decent analysis of the wavefunction, one first needs a decent
wavefunction to start with. Our alanine input file looks like::

    toon@poony ~> cat hipart-example/alanine/gaussian.com
    %mem=500MB
    %chk=gaussian.chk
    %nproc=1
    #p B3LYP/6-31G(d) sp scf(fermi,tight) density(current)

    Alanine

    0 1
     O  1.657642604  0.744201101 -0.489836837
     O  1.102098787 -1.089074323  0.697793837
     N -1.404760606 -1.091053462 -0.458202548
     C -0.655372082  0.161523560 -0.415839794
     C -1.204817386  1.230334427  0.557894814
     C  0.774816114 -0.164020328 -0.012893818
     H -0.627559422  0.594521751 -1.422939548
     H -0.609640466  2.149682405  0.525945464
     H -2.235463406  1.483421899  0.284034915
     H -1.205447577  0.848510089  1.585349081
     H -2.403964854 -0.897766300 -0.440132543
     H -1.180805308 -1.635048404  0.373826645
     H  2.530514260  0.486012629 -0.137289368


    toon@poony ~>

The line ``%chk=gaussian.chk`` is mandatory to process the Gaussian output with
HiPart. After the job is completed, one must convert the binary checkpoint file
to a formatted checkpoint file as follows::

    formchk gaussian.chk gaussian.fchk

The formatted checkpoint file contains the output of a Gaussian computation in a
standard format with reasonable numerical precision. This file will be loaded by
the HiPart scripts to perform the population analysis.

Although the basis functions and level of theory could be improved upon,
there are also some technical details to take into account:

* The SCF option ``fermi`` is known to accelarate the rate of convergence in
  almost all cases, so it is certainly useful. Sometimes it also fixes cases
  where SCF convergence would otherwise fail completely.

* The SCF option ``tight`` increases the convergence criteria that Gaussian uses
  to stop the SCF cycle. It may be useful for the more delicate derived
  quantities such as high order atomic multipole moments.

* The argument ``density(current)`` is useful in post-HF computations, but I
  always add as a good habit. If it is not present in a post-HF computation,
  only the density matrix of the preceding HF computation is written to the
  checkpoint file, and not the post-HF density matrix.

Preparing the atomic database
-----------------------------

Both the :ref:`hirshfeld` scheme and :ref:`hirshfeld-i` scheme rely on a
database of pro-atoms. These are spherically averaged atomic densities obtained
from single-atom computations. The program ``hi-atomdb.py`` generates such a
database using the Gaussian program. Make sure the ``g03`` or ``g09`` binary is
in the path before executing ``hi-atomdb.py``.

The online help is as follows::

    toon@poony ~> hi-atomdb.py --help
    Usage: hi-atomdb.py [options] executable lot atoms

    hi-atomdb.py computes a database of pro-atomic densities.

    The following arguments are mandatory:
      * executable  --  the name of the Gaussian binary (g03 or g09)
      * lot  --  The level of theory to be used in Gaussian input notation.
      * atoms  -- The atoms to be computed. One can specify ranges, e.g 1,2-5'
                  (avoid whitespace)

    It is recommended to run this script in a directory that is initially empty and
    that will contain nothing but the generated atom database. This script will
    generate quite a few files and subdirectories.

    Examples:

    hi-atomdb.py MP2/Aug-CC-pVDZ 1-10,17
    hi-atomdb.py HF/3-21G 1,6,7,8 -l 110


    Options:
      -h, --help            show this help message and exit
      -l LEBEDEV, --lebedev=LEBEDEV
                            The number of grid points for the spherical averaging.
                            [default=350]. Select from: 6, 14, 26, 38, 50, 74, 86,
                            110, 146, 170, 194, 230, 266, 302, 350, 434, 590, 770,
                            974, 1202, 1454, 1730, 2030, 2354, 2702, 3074, 3470,
                            3890, 4334, 4802, 5294, 5810
      --rlow=RLOW           The smallest radius for the density profile (in
                            angstroms). [default=2e-05]
      --rhigh=RHIGH         The largest radius for the density profile (in
                            angstroms). [default=20.0]
      --num-steps=NUM_STEPS
                            The number of steps in density profile. [default=100]
      --max-ion=MAX_ION     The maximum ionization to consider. [default=2]
      --qc                  Specify the qc convergence scheme in Gaussian input.
                            [default=False]


The default settings are good enough for most levels of theory and basis sets.
``hi-atomdb.py`` prints some progress information on screen. For our example,
we need pro-atoms Hydrogen, Carbon, Nitrogen and Oxygen. The database of
pro-atoms is generated as follows. (The level of theory is put between quotation
marks to avoid the interpretation of the round brackets by the shell.) ::

    toon@poony ~> cd ~/hipart-example/atoms
    toon@poony ~/hipart-example/atoms> hi-atomdb.py g03 'B3LYP/6-31G(d)' 1,6-8
    Computing atomic database with program Gaussian (g03,qc=False)
    Creating input files:
     0% ........... 33% .......... 66% .......... 100%
    Atomic computations:
     0% ........... 33% .......... 66% .......... 100%
    Selecting ground states.
    Density profiles:
     0% ........... 50% .......... 100%
    Total charge error:   1  H -2    -5.17837e-09
    Total charge error:   1  H -1    2.39259e-09
    Total charge error:   1  H +0    -9.13307e-10
    Total charge error:   6  C -2    7.36470e-09
    Total charge error:   6  C -1    2.21719e-09
    Total charge error:   6  C +0    3.42406e-09
    Total charge error:   6  C +1    -3.71427e-09
    Total charge error:   6  C +2    -1.65750e-09
    Total charge error:   7  N -2    -7.98667e-09
    Total charge error:   7  N -1    -8.17507e-09
    Total charge error:   7  N +0    -7.18856e-09
    Total charge error:   7  N +1    -5.77149e-09
    Total charge error:   7  N +2    -1.27853e-08
    Total charge error:   8  O -2    -3.74776e-09
    Total charge error:   8  O -1    -2.72562e-09
    Total charge error:   8  O +0    -7.53968e-09
    Total charge error:   8  O +1    -1.21337e-08
    Total charge error:   8  O +2    -1.03187e-08

The script ``hi-atomdb.py`` consists of three major phases: (i) setup of the
atomic input files for Gaussian, (ii) Gaussian computations on every atomic
input, and (iii) derivation of the spherically averaged atomic densities. In the
end a check is performed by integrating the total charge based on the
spherically averaged densities. When too poor grids are used, it will be obvious
from the errors in this last check. In this example the errors are small enough.

The choice of angular grid is not that important and can be chosen very large
because the computations are fast enough anyway. The radial grid settings are
more delicate. The radial grid is always logarithmic, i.e. equidistant on a
logarithmic scale. The same radial grid will be used by all other HiPart
programs that use this database. If for some reason large radial grids are
required later, they have to be defined at this point. In case of Lithium, heavy
atoms or large basis sets, one may want to tune the radial grid.

Once the program is finished, the following files are generated::

    toon@poony# find | sort
    ./001H
    ./001H/neg1
    ./001H/neg1/gs
    ./001H/neg1/mult1
    ./001H/neg1/mult1/gaussian.com
    ./001H/neg1/mult1/gaussian.fchk
    ./001H/neg1/mult1/gaussian.log
    ./001H/neg1/mult1/grid.bin
    ./001H/neg1/mult1/grid_moldens.bin

    ...

    ./008O/pos2
    ./008O/pos2/gs
    ./008O/pos2/mult1
    ./008O/pos2/mult1/gaussian.com
    ./008O/pos2/mult1/gaussian.fchk
    ./008O/pos2/mult1/gaussian.log
    ./008O/pos2/mult3
    ./008O/pos2/mult3/gaussian.com
    ./008O/pos2/mult3/gaussian.fchk
    ./008O/pos2/mult3/gaussian.log
    ./008O/pos2/mult3/grid.bin
    ./008O/pos2/mult3/grid_moldens.bin
    ./chieta_au.txt
    ./chieta_ev.txt
    ./densities.txt
    ./energies.txt

For each atom-charge combination, all reasonable spin multiplicities are
computed and the spin state with the lowest energy is selected. One can run
``hi-atomdb.py`` a second time with more atoms to extend the database. (Existing
computations will be reused, but make sure the same basis and level of theory
are used.)

Only the file ``densities.txt`` will be used later. In our example it contains
the following data::

    Radii [bohr]               3.7794523e-05 4.3454517e-05 4.9962135e-05 5.7444314e-05 6.6047002e-05 7.5938002e-05 8.7310249e-05 1.0038557e-04 1.1541901e-04 1.3270382e-04 1.5257714e-04 1.7542663e-04 2.0169800e-04 2.3190369e-04 2.6663289e-04 3.0656303e-04 3.5247298e-04 4.0525828e-04 4.6594854e-04 5.3572759e-04 6.1595655e-04 7.0820035e-04 8.1425831e-04 9.3619919e-04 1.0764016e-03 1.2376002e-03 1.4229395e-03 1.6360347e-03 1.8810423e-03 2.1627415e-03 2.4866272e-03 2.8590170e-03 3.2871748e-03 3.7794523e-03 4.3454517e-03 4.9962135e-03 5.7444314e-03 6.6047002e-03 7.5938002e-03 8.7310249e-03 1.0038557e-02 1.1541901e-02 1.3270382e-02 1.5257714e-02 1.7542663e-02 2.0169800e-02 2.3190369e-02 2.6663289e-02 3.0656303e-02 3.5247298e-02 4.0525828e-02 4.6594854e-02 5.3572759e-02 6.1595655e-02 7.0820035e-02 8.1425831e-02 9.3619919e-02 1.0764016e-01 1.2376002e-01 1.4229395e-01 1.6360347e-01 1.8810423e-01 2.1627415e-01 2.4866272e-01 2.8590170e-01 3.2871748e-01 3.7794523e-01 4.3454517e-01 4.9962135e-01 5.7444314e-01 6.6047002e-01 7.5938002e-01 8.7310249e-01 1.0038557e+00 1.1541901e+00 1.3270382e+00 1.5257714e+00 1.7542663e+00 2.0169800e+00 2.3190369e+00 2.6663289e+00 3.0656303e+00 3.5247298e+00 4.0525828e+00 4.6594854e+00 5.3572759e+00 6.1595655e+00 7.0820035e+00 8.1425831e+00 9.3619919e+00 1.0764016e+01 1.2376002e+01 1.4229395e+01 1.6360347e+01 1.8810423e+01 2.1627415e+01 2.4866272e+01 2.8590170e+01 3.2871748e+01 3.7794523e+01
    Densities   1  H -2 [a.u.] 1.4143824e+00 1.4143824e+00 1.4143823e+00 1.4143823e+00 1.4143823e+00 1.4143823e+00 1.4143823e+00 1.4143822e+00 1.4143822e+00 1.4143821e+00 1.4143820e+00 1.4143819e+00 1.4143817e+00 1.4143815e+00 1.4143812e+00 1.4143808e+00 1.4143804e+00 1.4143797e+00 1.4143788e+00 1.4143777e+00 1.4143762e+00 1.4143742e+00 1.4143715e+00 1.4143680e+00 1.4143634e+00 1.4143573e+00 1.4143492e+00 1.4143385e+00 1.4143244e+00 1.4143058e+00 1.4142811e+00 1.4142485e+00 1.4142054e+00 1.4141484e+00 1.4140731e+00 1.4139736e+00 1.4138420e+00 1.4136681e+00 1.4134383e+00 1.4131346e+00 1.4127333e+00 1.4122032e+00 1.4115029e+00 1.4105781e+00 1.4093572e+00 1.4077462e+00 1.4056217e+00 1.4028221e+00 1.3991366e+00 1.3942913e+00 1.3879325e+00 1.3796069e+00 1.3687393e+00 1.3546103e+00 1.3363376e+00 1.3128677e+00 1.2829908e+00 1.2453958e+00 1.1987884e+00 1.1420929e+00 1.0747476e+00 9.9705959e-01 9.1051851e-01 8.1788158e-01 7.2281333e-01 6.2899585e-01 5.3898996e-01 4.5357060e-01 3.7230833e-01 2.9531056e-01 2.2464199e-01 1.6379488e-01 1.1557573e-01 8.0442075e-02 5.6554661e-02 4.1068398e-02 3.1276867e-02 2.4799019e-02 1.9494757e-02 1.4065838e-02 8.6669136e-03 4.3162271e-03 1.6531391e-03 4.5695610e-04 8.3079436e-05 8.7173880e-06 4.4262155e-07 8.6093788e-09 4.7103177e-11 4.8186229e-14 5.3721814e-18 3.1975575e-23 3.9558204e-30 2.9229404e-39 2.4809877e-51 2.7366216e-67 2.2001791e-88 2.8604287e-116 3.9151165e-153 7.2630777e-202
    Densities   1  H -1 [a.u.] 3.1195446e-01 3.1195446e-01 3.1195446e-01 3.1195446e-01 3.1195446e-01 3.1195445e-01 3.1195445e-01 3.1195444e-01 3.1195444e-01 3.1195443e-01 3.1195442e-01 3.1195440e-01 3.1195438e-01 3.1195435e-01 3.1195431e-01 3.1195427e-01 3.1195420e-01 3.1195412e-01 3.1195400e-01 3.1195386e-01 3.1195366e-01 3.1195340e-01 3.1195306e-01 3.1195261e-01 3.1195201e-01 3.1195122e-01 3.1195017e-01 3.1194879e-01 3.1194696e-01 3.1194455e-01 3.1194136e-01 3.1193714e-01 3.1193156e-01 3.1192419e-01 3.1191444e-01 3.1190156e-01 3.1188453e-01 3.1186202e-01 3.1183228e-01 3.1179297e-01 3.1174103e-01 3.1167239e-01 3.1158173e-01 3.1146198e-01 3.1130386e-01 3.1109516e-01 3.1081984e-01 3.1045687e-01 3.0997876e-01 3.0934971e-01 3.0852332e-01 3.0743983e-01 3.0602298e-01 3.0417658e-01 3.0178122e-01 2.9869193e-01 2.9473811e-01 2.8972778e-01 2.8345908e-01 2.7574209e-01 2.6643328e-01 2.5548074e-01 2.4297032e-01 2.2915044e-01 2.1440420e-01 1.9914421e-01 1.8364844e-01 1.6792879e-01 1.5176988e-01 1.3498740e-01 1.1772877e-01 1.0052868e-01 8.4060635e-02 6.8819695e-02 5.4981155e-02 4.2515835e-02 3.1446946e-02 2.1979297e-02 1.4355957e-02 8.6388423e-03 4.6674499e-03 2.1645514e-03 8.0620277e-04 2.2121489e-04 4.0172104e-05 4.2147808e-06 2.1400290e-07 4.1625445e-09 2.2773893e-11 2.3297537e-14 2.5973935e-18 1.5459856e-23 1.9125978e-30 1.4132111e-39 1.1995316e-51 1.3231279e-67 1.0637636e-88 1.3829873e-116 1.8929178e-153 3.5116220e-202
    Densities   1  H +0 [a.u.] 3.0105829e-01 3.0105829e-01 3.0105828e-01 3.0105828e-01 3.0105828e-01 3.0105828e-01 3.0105827e-01 3.0105827e-01 3.0105826e-01 3.0105825e-01 3.0105823e-01 3.0105821e-01 3.0105819e-01 3.0105815e-01 3.0105811e-01 3.0105805e-01 3.0105798e-01 3.0105787e-01 3.0105774e-01 3.0105756e-01 3.0105733e-01 3.0105702e-01 3.0105661e-01 3.0105607e-01 3.0105535e-01 3.0105440e-01 3.0105315e-01 3.0105150e-01 3.0104931e-01 3.0104642e-01 3.0104260e-01 3.0103755e-01 3.0103087e-01 3.0102205e-01 3.0101038e-01 3.0099496e-01 3.0097458e-01 3.0094763e-01 3.0091203e-01 3.0086498e-01 3.0080280e-01 3.0072065e-01 3.0061213e-01 3.0046880e-01 3.0027957e-01 3.0002983e-01 2.9970039e-01 2.9926614e-01 2.9869425e-01 2.9794200e-01 2.9695409e-01 2.9565940e-01 2.9396737e-01 2.9176402e-01 2.8890845e-01 2.8523050e-01 2.8053141e-01 2.7459012e-01 2.6717850e-01 2.5808931e-01 2.4717910e-01 2.3442307e-01 2.1996872e-01 2.0416113e-01 1.8750301e-01 1.7052546e-01 1.5359751e-01 1.3678545e-01 1.1991339e-01 1.0286221e-01 8.5888399e-02 6.9644949e-02 5.4871230e-02 4.2043537e-02 3.1249676e-02 2.2332105e-02 1.5138868e-02 9.6227251e-03 5.7089317e-03 3.1561421e-03 1.6043176e-03 7.1939497e-04 2.6439014e-04 7.2290297e-05 1.3120349e-05 1.3764974e-06 6.9890689e-08 1.3594353e-09 7.4376705e-12 7.6086862e-15 8.4827645e-19 5.0489968e-24 6.2463067e-31 4.6153719e-40 3.9175211e-52 4.3211713e-68 3.4741197e-89 4.5166648e-117 6.1820345e-154 1.1468521e-202
    Densities   6  C -2 [a.u.] 1.1866516e+02 1.1866513e+02 1.1866508e+02 1.1866502e+02 1.1866495e+02 1.1866484e+02 1.1866471e+02 1.1866453e+02 1.1866429e+02 1.1866398e+02 1.1866356e+02 1.1866301e+02 1.1866229e+02 1.1866133e+02 1.1866006e+02 1.1865838e+02 1.1865617e+02 1.1865324e+02 1.1864937e+02 1.1864426e+02 1.1863750e+02 1.1862857e+02 1.1861676e+02 1.1860116e+02 1.1858056e+02 1.1855334e+02 1.1851740e+02 1.1846996e+02 1.1840736e+02 1.1832482e+02 1.1821607e+02 1.1807295e+02 1.1788485e+02 1.1763810e+02 1.1731519e+02 1.1689399e+02 1.1634686e+02 1.1564005e+02 1.1473341e+02 1.1358109e+02 1.1213362e+02 1.1034221e+02 1.0816565e+02 1.0557952e+02 1.0258544e+02 9.9215424e+01 9.5524424e+01 9.1565623e+01 8.7353960e+01 8.2840873e+01 7.7932301e+01 7.2556120e+01 6.6731469e+01 6.0576409e+01 5.4249257e+01 4.7878392e+01 4.1535450e+01 3.5273940e+01 2.9199447e+01 2.3489832e+01 1.8330329e+01 1.3835949e+01 1.0044050e+01 6.9610653e+00 4.5845883e+00 2.8735618e+00 1.7261376e+00 1.0081991e+00 5.9452575e-01 3.8129162e-01 2.8338137e-01 2.3871066e-01 2.1140529e-01 1.8548607e-01 1.5649472e-01 1.2583067e-01 9.6408520e-02 7.0072349e-02 4.7644721e-02 2.9792008e-02 1.6873132e-02 8.4475403e-03 3.5385190e-03 1.1262813e-03 2.3925483e-04 2.9021051e-05 1.6597877e-06 3.4973697e-08 1.9630112e-10 1.9128568e-13 1.8384879e-17 8.2567402e-23 6.4558838e-30 2.3834006e-39 7.4039412e-52 1.9796578e-68 2.2371187e-90 1.9884818e-119 7.1753537e-158 9.9557213e-209
    Densities   6  C -1 [a.u.] 1.1885154e+02 1.1885151e+02 1.1885147e+02 1.1885141e+02 1.1885133e+02 1.1885123e+02 1.1885109e+02 1.1885091e+02 1.1885067e+02 1.1885036e+02 1.1884994e+02 1.1884939e+02 1.1884867e+02 1.1884771e+02 1.1884644e+02 1.1884476e+02 1.1884254e+02 1.1883961e+02 1.1883574e+02 1.1883062e+02 1.1882385e+02 1.1881491e+02 1.1880309e+02 1.1878747e+02 1.1876684e+02 1.1873959e+02 1.1870361e+02 1.1865611e+02 1.1859344e+02 1.1851080e+02 1.1840192e+02 1.1825863e+02 1.1807030e+02 1.1782325e+02 1.1749996e+02 1.1707826e+02 1.1653048e+02 1.1582282e+02 1.1491509e+02 1.1376139e+02 1.1231218e+02 1.1051859e+02 1.0833939e+02 1.0575011e+02 1.0275234e+02 9.9378139e+01 9.5682507e+01 9.1718675e+01 8.7501579e+01 8.2982578e+01 7.8067458e+01 7.2683968e+01 6.6851221e+01 6.0687382e+01 5.4350925e+01 4.7970359e+01 4.1617383e+01 3.5345560e+01 2.9260625e+01 2.3540741e+01 1.8371516e+01 1.3868295e+01 1.0068711e+01 6.9794507e+00 4.5983400e+00 2.8844053e+00 1.7356262e+00 1.0174699e+00 6.0412551e-01 3.9107831e-01 2.9258178e-01 2.4618362e-01 2.1599682e-01 1.8634964e-01 1.5333607e-01 1.1903133e-01 8.7000147e-02 5.9577395e-02 3.7746674e-02 2.1836216e-02 1.1450907e-02 5.3705646e-03 2.1477163e-03 6.6407212e-04 1.3849468e-04 1.6577769e-05 9.3834003e-07 1.9610123e-08 1.0935968e-10 1.0603088e-13 1.0151273e-17 4.5453529e-23 3.5458285e-30 1.3067645e-39 4.0539895e-52 1.0828493e-68 1.2227320e-90 1.0861984e-119 3.9177584e-158 5.4340127e-209
    Densities   6  C +0 [a.u.] 1.1920771e+02 1.1920768e+02 1.1920764e+02 1.1920758e+02 1.1920750e+02 1.1920740e+02 1.1920726e+02 1.1920708e+02 1.1920684e+02 1.1920653e+02 1.1920611e+02 1.1920556e+02 1.1920483e+02 1.1920387e+02 1.1920260e+02 1.1920091e+02 1.1919869e+02 1.1919575e+02 1.1919187e+02 1.1918674e+02 1.1917995e+02 1.1917099e+02 1.1915914e+02 1.1914349e+02 1.1912281e+02 1.1909549e+02 1.1905942e+02 1.1901180e+02 1.1894898e+02 1.1886614e+02 1.1875700e+02 1.1861336e+02 1.1842458e+02 1.1817693e+02 1.1785285e+02 1.1743012e+02 1.1688101e+02 1.1617162e+02 1.1526169e+02 1.1410517e+02 1.1265240e+02 1.1085441e+02 1.0866984e+02 1.0607414e+02 1.0306890e+02 9.9686225e+01 9.5981221e+01 9.2007219e+01 8.7779156e+01 8.3248221e+01 7.8319908e+01 7.2921705e+01 6.7072681e+01 6.0891200e+01 5.4536039e+01 4.8135943e+01 4.1762707e+01 3.5469963e+01 2.9363698e+01 2.3622610e+01 1.8432984e+01 1.3910787e+01 1.0094207e+01 6.9905415e+00 4.5982752e+00 2.8768967e+00 1.7243868e+00 1.0056685e+00 5.9387532e-01 3.8309384e-01 2.8628706e-01 2.4034657e-01 2.0945119e-01 1.7834371e-01 1.4356474e-01 1.0767496e-01 7.4827279e-02 4.7870354e-02 2.7868358e-02 1.4626204e-02 6.9313110e-03 2.9675215e-03 1.1069251e-03 3.2636570e-04 6.5845616e-05 7.6827903e-06 4.2589485e-07 8.7506869e-09 4.8137862e-11 4.6169670e-14 4.3828117e-18 1.9495170e-23 1.5130608e-30 5.5542834e-40 1.7179280e-52 4.5781611e-69 5.1605128e-91 4.5781658e-120 1.6496052e-158 2.2862784e-209
    Densities   6  C +1 [a.u.] 1.1977487e+02 1.1977483e+02 1.1977479e+02 1.1977473e+02 1.1977465e+02 1.1977455e+02 1.1977441e+02 1.1977423e+02 1.1977399e+02 1.1977367e+02 1.1977325e+02 1.1977270e+02 1.1977197e+02 1.1977100e+02 1.1976973e+02 1.1976804e+02 1.1976581e+02 1.1976286e+02 1.1975896e+02 1.1975381e+02 1.1974700e+02 1.1973799e+02 1.1972610e+02 1.1971038e+02 1.1968962e+02 1.1966220e+02 1.1962598e+02 1.1957818e+02 1.1951511e+02 1.1943194e+02 1.1932237e+02 1.1917815e+02 1.1898862e+02 1.1873999e+02 1.1841463e+02 1.1799021e+02 1.1743892e+02 1.1672671e+02 1.1581315e+02 1.1465201e+02 1.1319343e+02 1.1138823e+02 1.0919487e+02 1.0658867e+02 1.0357121e+02 1.0017469e+02 9.6454367e+01 9.2463751e+01 8.8217774e+01 8.3667352e+01 7.8717498e+01 7.3295278e+01 6.7419686e+01 6.1209402e+01 5.4823683e+01 4.8391634e+01 4.1985179e+01 3.5658028e+01 2.9516542e+01 2.3740238e+01 1.8516455e+01 1.3962155e+01 1.0116472e+01 6.9878190e+00 4.5759547e+00 2.8413919e+00 1.6823938e+00 9.6317743e-01 5.5515034e-01 3.4996522e-01 2.5835083e-01 2.1616030e-01 1.8778746e-01 1.5855869e-01 1.2530717e-01 9.0800106e-02 5.9661819e-02 3.5223988e-02 1.8489454e-02 8.5804380e-03 3.5550031e-03 1.3358721e-03 4.4574037e-04 1.2021229e-04 2.2530032e-05 2.4636506e-06 1.2886647e-07 2.5160664e-09 1.3249619e-11 1.2252490e-14 1.1288568e-18 4.9018144e-24 3.7323154e-31 1.3496495e-40 4.1258298e-53 1.0895859e-69 1.2196459e-91 1.0762426e-120 3.8621058e-159 5.3360583e-210
    Densities   6  C +2 [a.u.] 1.2059509e+02 1.2059506e+02 1.2059501e+02 1.2059495e+02 1.2059487e+02 1.2059477e+02 1.2059463e+02 1.2059445e+02 1.2059421e+02 1.2059389e+02 1.2059347e+02 1.2059291e+02 1.2059218e+02 1.2059121e+02 1.2058992e+02 1.2058822e+02 1.2058598e+02 1.2058301e+02 1.2057909e+02 1.2057391e+02 1.2056706e+02 1.2055800e+02 1.2054604e+02 1.2053023e+02 1.2050935e+02 1.2048176e+02 1.2044534e+02 1.2039725e+02 1.2033381e+02 1.2025016e+02 1.2013995e+02 1.1999489e+02 1.1980425e+02 1.1955417e+02 1.1922690e+02 1.1880000e+02 1.1824548e+02 1.1752909e+02 1.1661017e+02 1.1544221e+02 1.1397505e+02 1.1215919e+02 1.0995284e+02 1.0733115e+02 1.0429564e+02 1.0087867e+02 9.7135754e+01 9.3120631e+01 8.8848233e+01 8.4269074e+01 7.9287457e+01 7.3829831e+01 6.7915078e+01 6.1662335e+01 5.5231549e+01 4.8752331e+01 4.2296767e+01 3.5918653e+01 2.9724860e+01 2.3896065e+01 1.8621113e+01 1.4018426e+01 1.0128585e+01 6.9617914e+00 4.5199109e+00 2.7652488e+00 1.5967542e+00 8.7773495e-01 4.7695669e-01 2.8222720e-01 2.0079125e-01 1.6701660e-01 1.4578677e-01 1.2326728e-01 9.6346250e-02 6.7547133e-02 4.1689840e-02 2.2418783e-02 1.0473856e-02 4.2813489e-03 1.5610581e-03 5.1815411e-04 1.5352756e-04 3.6747405e-05 6.0434990e-06 5.6968088e-07 2.5205059e-08 4.0881279e-10 1.7591497e-12 1.3100776e-15 9.5996963e-20 3.2807911e-25 1.9493039e-32 5.4626317e-42 1.2870300e-54 2.6083310e-71 2.2330600e-93 1.5031902e-122 4.1067366e-161 4.3131720e-212
    Densities   7  N -2 [a.u.] 1.9177907e+02 1.9177900e+02 1.9177890e+02 1.9177877e+02 1.9177860e+02 1.9177837e+02 1.9177807e+02 1.9177768e+02 1.9177715e+02 1.9177646e+02 1.9177555e+02 1.9177434e+02 1.9177274e+02 1.9177062e+02 1.9176783e+02 1.9176413e+02 1.9175925e+02 1.9175279e+02 1.9174426e+02 1.9173298e+02 1.9171807e+02 1.9169838e+02 1.9167235e+02 1.9163797e+02 1.9159256e+02 1.9153260e+02 1.9145346e+02 1.9134904e+02 1.9121137e+02 1.9103000e+02 1.9079134e+02 1.9047775e+02 1.9006648e+02 1.8952847e+02 1.8882700e+02 1.8791638e+02 1.8674089e+02 1.8523460e+02 1.8332261e+02 1.8092485e+02 1.7796346e+02 1.7437446e+02 1.7012285e+02 1.6521700e+02 1.5971404e+02 1.5370448e+02 1.4726917e+02 1.4042013e+02 1.3306604e+02 1.2505232e+02 1.1627601e+02 1.0678950e+02 9.6797060e+01 8.6552333e+01 7.6250434e+01 6.5998197e+01 5.5888494e+01 4.6110319e+01 3.6962386e+01 2.8736210e+01 2.1601114e+01 1.5609044e+01 1.0770969e+01 7.0787941e+00 4.4513214e+00 2.7098045e+00 1.6336856e+00 1.0230544e+00 7.1239760e-01 5.6685465e-01 4.9074983e-01 4.3126675e-01 3.6781662e-01 2.9870324e-01 2.3035958e-01 1.6905245e-01 1.1761410e-01 7.6855623e-02 4.6940255e-02 2.6763418e-02 1.3947660e-02 6.2278516e-03 2.1445253e-03 5.0099853e-04 6.8543298e-05 4.5846887e-06 1.1863729e-07 8.7263701e-10 1.2145797e-12 1.8688269e-16 1.5625406e-21 2.7771659e-28 3.0348315e-37 3.9564917e-49 7.0437472e-65 9.7562028e-86 2.3814252e-113 6.8553518e-150 3.1073702e-198 3.5161368e-262
    Densities   7  N -1 [a.u.] 1.9198624e+02 1.9198616e+02 1.9198607e+02 1.9198594e+02 1.9198577e+02 1.9198554e+02 1.9198524e+02 1.9198484e+02 1.9198432e+02 1.9198362e+02 1.9198271e+02 1.9198150e+02 1.9197990e+02 1.9197778e+02 1.9197498e+02 1.9197128e+02 1.9196640e+02 1.9195994e+02 1.9195140e+02 1.9194011e+02 1.9192520e+02 1.9190549e+02 1.9187945e+02 1.9184504e+02 1.9179961e+02 1.9173961e+02 1.9166041e+02 1.9155592e+02 1.9141816e+02 1.9123668e+02 1.9099786e+02 1.9068406e+02 1.9027252e+02 1.8973416e+02 1.8903223e+02 1.8812100e+02 1.8694474e+02 1.8543745e+02 1.8352419e+02 1.8112482e+02 1.7816143e+02 1.7457000e+02 1.7031546e+02 1.6540620e+02 1.5989933e+02 1.5388543e+02 1.4744536e+02 1.4059112e+02 1.3323128e+02 1.2521110e+02 1.1642748e+02 1.0693275e+02 9.6931270e+01 8.6676781e+01 7.6364489e+01 6.6101255e+01 5.5979986e+01 4.6189842e+01 3.7029875e+01 2.8792043e+01 2.1646091e+01 1.5644354e+01 1.0798189e+01 7.0998569e+00 4.4683052e+00 2.7245867e+00 1.6476150e+00 1.0367103e+00 7.2547112e-01 5.7826361e-01 4.9902265e-01 4.3503692e-01 3.6625530e-01 2.9177612e-01 2.1886428e-01 1.5452480e-01 1.0213869e-01 6.2626137e-02 3.5589818e-02 1.8921762e-02 9.3377793e-03 4.0312084e-03 1.3630399e-03 3.1503903e-04 4.2774199e-05 2.8440968e-06 7.3252941e-08 5.3684995e-10 7.4510544e-13 1.1439712e-16 9.5488684e-22 1.6949927e-28 1.8504514e-37 2.4106350e-49 4.2892400e-65 5.9384309e-86 1.4490621e-113 4.1703549e-150 1.8899721e-198 2.1382914e-262
    Densities   7  N +0 [a.u.] 1.9231469e+02 1.9231462e+02 1.9231452e+02 1.9231439e+02 1.9231422e+02 1.9231399e+02 1.9231369e+02 1.9231329e+02 1.9231277e+02 1.9231207e+02 1.9231115e+02 1.9230994e+02 1.9230834e+02 1.9230622e+02 1.9230342e+02 1.9229972e+02 1.9229482e+02 1.9228836e+02 1.9227981e+02 1.9226851e+02 1.9225357e+02 1.9223384e+02 1.9220777e+02 1.9217332e+02 1.9212783e+02 1.9206776e+02 1.9198846e+02 1.9188385e+02 1.9174592e+02 1.9156421e+02 1.9132510e+02 1.9101092e+02 1.9059887e+02 1.9005985e+02 1.8935707e+02 1.8844472e+02 1.8726700e+02 1.8575786e+02 1.8384224e+02 1.8143989e+02 1.7847281e+02 1.7487687e+02 1.7061696e+02 1.6570143e+02 1.6018747e+02 1.5416570e+02 1.4771705e+02 1.4085351e+02 1.3348346e+02 1.2545189e+02 1.1665547e+02 1.0714650e+02 9.7129472e+01 8.6858363e+01 7.6528534e+01 6.6246895e+01 5.6106410e+01 4.6296491e+01 3.7116715e+01 2.8859699e+01 2.1695819e+01 1.5678003e+01 1.0818266e+01 7.1095198e+00 4.4710900e+00 2.7238844e+00 1.6461084e+00 1.0359030e+00 7.2545435e-01 5.7796375e-01 4.9689767e-01 4.2977962e-01 3.5716345e-01 2.7885569e-01 2.0286813e-01 1.3696463e-01 8.5086426e-02 4.8105099e-02 2.4790841e-02 1.1898759e-02 5.3839891e-03 2.1914247e-03 7.1519352e-04 1.6155336e-04 2.1558925e-05 1.4137511e-06 3.6011043e-08 2.6160778e-10 3.6060247e-13 5.5068742e-17 4.5777266e-22 8.1000670e-29 8.8215348e-38 1.1470784e-49 2.0381160e-65 2.8187338e-86 6.8725082e-114 1.9766630e-150 8.9538811e-199 1.0126712e-262
    Densities   7  N +1 [a.u.] 1.9298185e+02 1.9298177e+02 1.9298167e+02 1.9298154e+02 1.9298137e+02 1.9298114e+02 1.9298084e+02 1.9298044e+02 1.9297992e+02 1.9297922e+02 1.9297830e+02 1.9297708e+02 1.9297548e+02 1.9297335e+02 1.9297054e+02 1.9296683e+02 1.9296192e+02 1.9295544e+02 1.9294686e+02 1.9293553e+02 1.9292056e+02 1.9290077e+02 1.9287462e+02 1.9284008e+02 1.9279446e+02 1.9273421e+02 1.9265470e+02 1.9254979e+02 1.9241147e+02 1.9222925e+02 1.9198946e+02 1.9167439e+02 1.9126118e+02 1.9072063e+02 1.9001586e+02 1.8910092e+02 1.8791987e+02 1.8640644e+02 1.8448536e+02 1.8207617e+02 1.7910059e+02 1.7549432e+02 1.7122211e+02 1.6629229e+02 1.6076216e+02 1.5472253e+02 1.4825452e+02 1.4137004e+02 1.3397712e+02 1.2592017e+02 1.1709538e+02 1.0755499e+02 9.7503881e+01 8.7196536e+01 7.6828665e+01 6.6507272e+01 5.6325409e+01 4.6472978e+01 3.7250577e+01 2.8952102e+01 2.1749164e+01 1.5695954e+01 1.0806004e+01 7.0738976e+00 4.4201887e+00 2.6659655e+00 1.5882982e+00 9.8295549e-01 6.7913209e-01 5.3766228e-01 4.6122990e-01 3.9776348e-01 3.2821099e-01 2.5235870e-01 1.7842446e-01 1.1497283e-01 6.6720390e-02 3.4417823e-02 1.5820016e-02 6.6925423e-03 2.7008326e-03 1.0107349e-03 3.1195707e-04 6.7698297e-05 8.7452966e-06 5.5800736e-07 1.3893850e-08 9.9077610e-11 1.3454922e-13 2.0306237e-17 1.6724506e-22 2.9380917e-29 3.1820358e-38 4.1199955e-50 7.2964258e-66 1.0065821e-86 2.4495309e-114 7.0351107e-151 3.1832560e-199 3.5972113e-263
    Densities   7  N +2 [a.u.] 1.9396973e+02 1.9396966e+02 1.9396956e+02 1.9396943e+02 1.9396925e+02 1.9396902e+02 1.9396872e+02 1.9396832e+02 1.9396779e+02 1.9396709e+02 1.9396617e+02 1.9396495e+02 1.9396333e+02 1.9396120e+02 1.9395838e+02 1.9395465e+02 1.9394972e+02 1.9394321e+02 1.9393459e+02 1.9392321e+02 1.9390817e+02 1.9388830e+02 1.9386203e+02 1.9382734e+02 1.9378152e+02 1.9372101e+02 1.9364114e+02 1.9353577e+02 1.9339684e+02 1.9321381e+02 1.9297297e+02 1.9265651e+02 1.9224147e+02 1.9169854e+02 1.9099065e+02 1.9007167e+02 1.8888539e+02 1.8736526e+02 1.8543567e+02 1.8301576e+02 1.8002693e+02 1.7640454e+02 1.7211315e+02 1.6716108e+02 1.6160580e+02 1.5553846e+02 1.4904042e+02 1.4212355e+02 1.3469531e+02 1.2659923e+02 1.1773080e+02 1.0814222e+02 9.8038959e+01 8.7676319e+01 7.7250546e+01 6.6868783e+01 5.6624208e+01 4.6707437e+01 3.7420565e+01 2.9059346e+01 2.1797205e+01 1.5690228e+01 1.0754323e+01 6.9867515e+00 4.3101521e+00 2.5461308e+00 1.4701930e+00 8.7451712e-01 5.8370565e-01 4.5504593e-01 3.9018762e-01 3.3768064e-01 2.7864367e-01 2.1207261e-01 1.4582036e-01 8.9234588e-02 4.7892418e-02 2.2259429e-02 9.0041694e-03 3.3085365e-03 1.1701469e-03 3.9288154e-04 1.1075035e-04 2.2125693e-05 2.6415627e-06 1.5646928e-07 3.6393229e-09 2.4427791e-11 3.1483423e-14 4.5466949e-18 3.6110698e-23 6.1596858e-30 6.5160815e-39 8.2817276e-51 1.4455635e-66 1.9719290e-87 4.7572693e-115 1.3572304e-151 6.1100059e-200 6.8777735e-264
    Densities   8  O -2 [a.u.] 2.9041435e+02 2.9041421e+02 2.9041401e+02 2.9041375e+02 2.9041341e+02 2.9041296e+02 2.9041237e+02 2.9041158e+02 2.9041054e+02 2.9040917e+02 2.9040735e+02 2.9040495e+02 2.9040178e+02 2.9039758e+02 2.9039203e+02 2.9038470e+02 2.9037501e+02 2.9036220e+02 2.9034527e+02 2.9032289e+02 2.9029333e+02 2.9025426e+02 2.9020265e+02 2.9013448e+02 2.9004447e+02 2.8992565e+02 2.8976890e+02 2.8956222e+02 2.8928994e+02 2.8893163e+02 2.8846079e+02 2.8784328e+02 2.8703542e+02 2.8598203e+02 2.8461437e+02 2.8284865e+02 2.8058558e+02 2.7771227e+02 2.7410776e+02 2.6965414e+02 2.6425395e+02 2.5785289e+02 2.5046172e+02 2.4216481e+02 2.3309785e+02 2.2338367e+02 2.1304294e+02 2.0194042e+02 1.8984263e+02 1.7658984e+02 1.6225488e+02 1.4714198e+02 1.3163399e+02 1.1602837e+02 1.0048944e+02 8.5158189e+01 7.0319287e+01 5.6425358e+01 4.3922382e+01 3.3073355e+01 2.3961703e+01 1.6605679e+01 1.0992910e+01 6.9994415e+00 4.3521599e+00 2.7136430e+00 1.7784896e+00 1.2947591e+00 1.0571535e+00 9.1920894e-01 8.0024101e-01 6.7137485e-01 5.3492028e-01 4.0480159e-01 2.9176379e-01 1.9928337e-01 1.2765191e-01 7.6549730e-02 4.3322457e-02 2.2870763e-02 1.0569531e-02 3.8299908e-03 9.5559380e-04 1.4226091e-04 1.0624200e-05 3.1778037e-07 2.8291801e-09 5.0660834e-12 1.0871963e-15 1.4107907e-20 4.4821939e-27 1.0554155e-35 3.7956074e-47 2.5839863e-62 2.1075973e-82 5.3609531e-109 3.4199414e-144 9.3143203e-191 2.3672385e-252 0.0000000e+00
    Densities   8  O -1 [a.u.] 2.9067785e+02 2.9067770e+02 2.9067751e+02 2.9067725e+02 2.9067691e+02 2.9067646e+02 2.9067586e+02 2.9067508e+02 2.9067404e+02 2.9067266e+02 2.9067084e+02 2.9066844e+02 2.9066526e+02 2.9066107e+02 2.9065552e+02 2.9064818e+02 2.9063849e+02 2.9062567e+02 2.9060873e+02 2.9058635e+02 2.9055677e+02 2.9051769e+02 2.9046605e+02 2.9039786e+02 2.9030781e+02 2.9018894e+02 2.9003212e+02 2.8982536e+02 2.8955296e+02 2.8919450e+02 2.8872347e+02 2.8810570e+02 2.8729750e+02 2.8624366e+02 2.8487542e+02 2.8310896e+02 2.8084493e+02 2.7797037e+02 2.7436430e+02 2.6990873e+02 2.6450613e+02 2.5810215e+02 2.5070754e+02 2.4240666e+02 2.3333522e+02 2.2361604e+02 2.1326976e+02 2.0216100e+02 1.9005607e+02 1.7679504e+02 1.6245064e+02 1.4732710e+02 1.3180734e+02 1.1618886e+02 1.0063598e+02 8.5289677e+01 7.0434800e+01 5.6524395e+01 4.4005044e+01 3.3140382e+01 2.4014468e+01 1.6646226e+01 1.1023916e+01 7.0239117e+00 4.3728894e+00 2.7326708e+00 1.7966833e+00 1.3116273e+00 1.0710707e+00 9.2807581e-01 8.0228372e-01 6.6576594e-01 5.2203018e-01 3.8607967e-01 2.6949711e-01 1.7633918e-01 1.0692878e-01 6.0109325e-02 3.1863701e-02 1.5964701e-02 7.1490986e-03 2.5519353e-03 6.3232137e-04 9.3756873e-05 6.9814821e-06 2.0835247e-07 1.8517030e-09 3.3112770e-12 7.0987128e-16 9.2042520e-21 2.9224873e-27 6.8783522e-36 2.4728020e-47 1.6829924e-62 1.3724340e-82 3.4904308e-109 2.2264096e-144 6.0631629e-191 1.5408524e-252 0.0000000e+00
    Densities   8  O +0 [a.u.] 2.9110061e+02 2.9110046e+02 2.9110027e+02 2.9110001e+02 2.9109967e+02 2.9109922e+02 2.9109862e+02 2.9109783e+02 2.9109679e+02 2.9109542e+02 2.9109360e+02 2.9109119e+02 2.9108801e+02 2.9108381e+02 2.9107825e+02 2.9107091e+02 2.9106121e+02 2.9104838e+02 2.9103143e+02 2.9100902e+02 2.9097941e+02 2.9094029e+02 2.9088861e+02 2.9082035e+02 2.9073021e+02 2.9061124e+02 2.9045427e+02 2.9024730e+02 2.8997464e+02 2.8961584e+02 2.8914436e+02 2.8852600e+02 2.8771702e+02 2.8666217e+02 2.8529261e+02 2.8352444e+02 2.8125822e+02 2.7838087e+02 2.7477128e+02 2.7031133e+02 2.6490339e+02 2.5849302e+02 2.5109094e+02 2.4278155e+02 2.3370064e+02 2.2397109e+02 2.1361350e+02 2.0249227e+02 1.9037336e+02 1.7709652e+02 1.6273439e+02 1.4759135e+02 1.3205054e+02 1.1640962e+02 1.0083294e+02 8.5461541e+01 7.0580549e+01 5.6643677e+01 4.4098388e+01 3.3209195e+01 2.4061033e+01 1.6673798e+01 1.1036729e+01 7.0267958e+00 4.3705270e+00 2.7287670e+00 1.7932759e+00 1.3087732e+00 1.0672509e+00 9.2124000e-01 7.9086982e-01 6.4917766e-01 5.0065291e-01 3.6118069e-01 2.4317582e-01 1.5131557e-01 8.5812752e-02 4.4384980e-02 2.1502174e-02 9.9722859e-03 4.2480230e-03 1.4777559e-03 3.6136365e-04 5.3135586e-05 3.9319683e-06 1.1676987e-07 1.0338043e-09 1.8431904e-12 3.9423695e-16 5.1027072e-21 1.6180018e-27 3.8042041e-36 1.3665590e-47 9.2952791e-63 7.5766158e-83 1.9262550e-109 1.2283632e-144 3.3445319e-191 8.4983046e-253 0.0000000e+00
    Densities   8  O +1 [a.u.] 2.9179598e+02 2.9179583e+02 2.9179563e+02 2.9179537e+02 2.9179503e+02 2.9179458e+02 2.9179398e+02 2.9179319e+02 2.9179215e+02 2.9179077e+02 2.9178895e+02 2.9178654e+02 2.9178336e+02 2.9177914e+02 2.9177358e+02 2.9176622e+02 2.9175650e+02 2.9174365e+02 2.9172666e+02 2.9170421e+02 2.9167455e+02 2.9163536e+02 2.9158358e+02 2.9151519e+02 2.9142488e+02 2.9130568e+02 2.9114841e+02 2.9094106e+02 2.9066789e+02 2.9030841e+02 2.8983604e+02 2.8921651e+02 2.8840600e+02 2.8734916e+02 2.8597701e+02 2.8420549e+02 2.8193497e+02 2.7905215e+02 2.7543569e+02 2.7096720e+02 2.6554887e+02 2.5912612e+02 2.5170963e+02 2.4338391e+02 2.3428495e+02 2.2453578e+02 2.1415696e+02 2.0301251e+02 1.9086778e+02 1.7756204e+02 1.6316784e+02 1.4798992e+02 1.3241194e+02 1.1673191e+02 1.0111428e+02 8.5700182e+01 7.0775264e+01 5.6794316e+01 4.4206159e+01 3.3276635e+01 2.4092006e+01 1.6673726e+01 1.1012690e+01 6.9870086e+00 4.3232115e+00 2.6807847e+00 1.7489092e+00 1.2691728e+00 1.0311668e+00 8.8675109e-01 7.5675089e-01 6.1505475e-01 4.6660061e-01 3.2774975e-01 2.1177821e-01 1.2413056e-01 6.4781997e-02 3.0031470e-02 1.2795938e-02 5.2550042e-03 2.0501329e-03 6.7732917e-04 1.6069209e-04 2.3134558e-05 1.6837871e-06 4.9344452e-08 4.3227581e-10 7.6434322e-13 1.6243024e-16 2.0918797e-21 6.6075735e-28 1.5489746e-36 5.5517366e-48 3.7697785e-63 3.0687410e-83 7.7941156e-110 4.9665185e-145 1.3514873e-191 3.4325787e-253 0.0000000e+00
    Densities   8  O +2 [a.u.] 2.9301886e+02 2.9301871e+02 2.9301851e+02 2.9301825e+02 2.9301791e+02 2.9301746e+02 2.9301686e+02 2.9301607e+02 2.9301502e+02 2.9301364e+02 2.9301181e+02 2.9300939e+02 2.9300619e+02 2.9300197e+02 2.9299638e+02 2.9298900e+02 2.9297924e+02 2.9296634e+02 2.9294929e+02 2.9292676e+02 2.9289699e+02 2.9285765e+02 2.9280568e+02 2.9273704e+02 2.9264640e+02 2.9252676e+02 2.9236892e+02 2.9216080e+02 2.9188663e+02 2.9152583e+02 2.9105172e+02 2.9042991e+02 2.8961643e+02 2.8855570e+02 2.8717850e+02 2.8540045e+02 2.8312156e+02 2.8022810e+02 2.7659825e+02 2.7211320e+02 2.6667472e+02 2.6022798e+02 2.5278364e+02 2.4442645e+02 2.3529279e+02 2.2550604e+02 2.1508667e+02 2.0389804e+02 1.9170441e+02 1.7834415e+02 1.6388975e+02 1.4864669e+02 1.3299964e+02 1.1724733e+02 1.0155438e+02 8.6062098e+01 7.1057008e+01 5.6995767e+01 4.4329522e+01 3.3326380e+01 2.4074978e+01 1.6599721e+01 1.0894827e+01 6.8409620e+00 4.1652369e+00 2.5251065e+00 1.6052360e+00 1.1415545e+00 9.1941629e-01 7.8961186e-01 6.7385456e-01 5.4615079e-01 4.1019573e-01 2.8165680e-01 1.7476196e-01 9.6263563e-02 4.6038066e-02 1.8991000e-02 7.0159296e-03 2.4940395e-03 8.6818765e-04 2.6591246e-04 5.9916096e-05 8.2850757e-06 5.8290650e-07 1.6602314e-08 1.4205945e-10 2.4644021e-13 5.1578995e-17 6.5632913e-22 2.0537467e-28 4.7795228e-37 1.7034479e-48 1.1517087e-63 9.3444594e-84 2.3673782e-110 1.5056380e-145 4.0911728e-192 1.0379489e-253 0.0000000e+00

The first row consists of the radial grid points. All subsequent lines are the
averaged densities of the atom-charge states at the corresponding distances from
the nucleus.


Partitioning tools
------------------

All other scripts besides ``hi-atomdb.py`` have the same usage description::

    toon@poony# hi-some-script.py --help
    Usage: hi-some-script.py [options] gaussian.fchk scheme [scheme parameters]
    ...

In the first subsection the usage will be discussed extensively for the script
``hi-charges.py``, but this discussion also applies to all subsequent scripts.
In every subsection, one of the possible partitioning schemes is used, but
remind that each script works with all four partitioning schemes.


Atomic charges
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Effective atomic charges are computed with ``hi-charges.py``. The online help is
as follows::

    toon@poony# hi-charges.py --help
    Usage: hi-charges.py [options] gaussian.fchk scheme [scheme parameters]

    hi-charges.py computes effective atomic charges.

    The effective atomic charges are the monopole terms in the multipole expansion
    of each atomic contribution to the density plus the monopole of the nucleus. The
    atomic densities are obtained from the 'scheme' specified at the command line.

    The file gaussian.fchk is a formatted checkpoint file from a Gaussian
    computation. To obtain this file, add the following line on top of a Gaussian
    com-file (before running the job)

    %chk=gaussian.chk

    After the Gaussian computation transform this binary checkpoint file into
    a text file with the ``formchk`` program of the Gaussian software suite:

    formchk gaussian.chk gaussian.fchk

    Partitioning schemes:

     * Becke's Smooth Voronoi Partitioning
         scheme = becke
         scheme parameters = [k] [r_low r_high steps]

         The parameter k is optional and defaults to 3. It is the number of
         iterations in the definition of the weight function in Becke's paper.

         Three additional parameters can be provided of the file rs.bin is not yet
         present in the work directory. The first two, r_low and r_high, are the
         first and the last point on the logarithmic radial grid in angstrom. The
         third, steps, is the number of grid points on the radial grid. The default
         is 2.0e-5, 20.0 and 100, respectively.

         Becke, A. D. J. Chem. Phys. 1988,  88, 2547-2553.
         http://dx.doi.org/10.1063/1.454033

     * Hirshfeld Partitioning
         scheme = hirsh
         scheme parameters = densities.txt

         The file densities.txt is generated with the script hi-atomdb.py. It
         contains spherically averaged densities of individual atoms. Make sure all
         the atoms present in the molecule of interest are included in the file
         densities.txt

         Hirshfeld, F. L. Theor. Chim. Acta 1977, 44, 129-138.
         http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/BF00549096

     * Hirshfeld-I Partitioning
         scheme = hirshi
         scheme parameters = densities.txt

         The file densities.txt is generated with the script hi-atomdb.py. It
         contains spherically averaged densities of individual atoms. Make sure all
         the atoms present in the molecule of interest are included in the file
         densities.txt

         Bultinck, P.;  Van Alsenoy, C.;  Ayers, P. W.;  Dorca, R. C. J. Chem. Phys.
         2007, 126, 144111.
         http://dx.doi.org/10.1063/1.2715563

     * Iterative Stockholder Partitioning
         scheme = isa
         scheme parameters = [r_low r_high steps]

         Three additional parameters can be provided of the file rs.bin is not yet
         present in the work directory. The first two, r_low and r_high, are the
         first and the last point on the logarithmic radial grid in angstrom. The
         third, steps, is the number of grid points on the radial grid. The default
         is 2.0e-5, 20.0 and 100, respectively.

         Lillestolen, T. C.;  Wheatley, R. J. Chem. Commun. 2008,  5909-5911.
         http://dx.doi.org/10.1039/b812691g



    Options:
      -h, --help            show this help message and exit
      -l LEBEDEV, --lebedev=LEBEDEV
                            The number of grid points for the atomic grids.
                            [default=110]. Select from: 6, 14, 26, 38, 50, 74, 86,
                            110, 146, 170, 194, 230, 266, 302, 350, 434, 590, 770,
                            974, 1202, 1454, 1730, 2030, 2354, 2702, 3074, 3470,
                            3890, 4334, 4802, 5294, 5810
      -c, --clean           If given, the workdir with the binary data is removed
                            when the computation has finished.
      -n, --no-fix-total-charge
                            Do not correct the total charge.
      -t THRESHOLD, --threshold=THRESHOLD
                            When the maximum change in the charges drops below
                            this threshold value, the iteration stops.
                            [default=0.0001]
      --max-iter=MAX_ITER   Maximum number of iterations in self-consistent
                            procedures. [default=500]


We will first compute the :ref:`becke` charges, as this is the simplest of the
four partitioning methods. The screen output gives some progress information of
the various parts of the program. This is screen output in the case of the
alanine molecule::

    toon@poony ~> cd ~/hipart-example/alanine
    toon@poony ~/hipart-example/alanine> hi-charges.py gaussian.fchk becke
    BEGIN Loading Electronic structure
      Data read from: gaussian.fchk ()
      Restricted: True
      Orbitals present: True
      Spin density present: False
      Number of alpha electrons: 24
      Number of beta electrons: 24
      Number of electrons: 48
      Total charge: 0
      Number of atoms: 13
      Chemical formula: O2NC3H7
    END Loading Electronic structure
    BEGIN Atomic charges
      BEGIN Atomic grids
        Computing/Loading atomic grids (and distances):
         0% ........... 5% .......... 11% .......... 17% .......... 23% .......... 29% .......... 35% .......... 41% .........
        . 47% .......... 53% .......... 59% .......... 65% .......... 71% .......... 76% .......... 82% .......... 88% .........
        . 94% ......... 100%
      END Atomic grids
      BEGIN Molecular density on atomic grids
        Computing/Loading densities:
         0% ........... 76% ... 100%
      END Molecular density on atomic grids
      BEGIN Defining atomic weight functions (each on their own atomic grid)
        Trying to load weight functions
        Could not load all weight functions from workdir. Computing them...
        BEGIN Becke's Smooth Voronoi Partitioning
          Computing/Loading cell functions:
           0% ........... 0% .......... 1% .......... 2% .......... 3% .......... 4% .......... 5% .......... 6% .........
          . 7% .......... 8% .......... 9% .......... 10% .......... 11% .......... 12% .......... 13% .......... 14% .........
          . 15% .......... 16% .......... 17% .......... 18% .......... 19% .......... 20% .......... 21% .......... 22% .........
          . 23% .......... 24% .......... 25% .......... 26% .......... 27% .......... 28% .......... 29% .......... 30% .........
          . 31% .......... 32% .......... 33% .......... 34% .......... 35% .......... 36% .......... 37% .......... 38% .........
          . 39% .......... 40% .......... 41% .......... 42% .......... 43% .......... 44% .......... 45% .......... 46% .........
          . 47% .......... 48% .......... 49% .......... 50% .......... 51% .......... 52% .......... 53% .......... 54% .........
          . 55% .......... 56% .......... 57% .......... 58% .......... 59% .......... 60% .......... 61% .......... 62% .........
          . 63% .......... 64% .......... 65% .......... 66% .......... 67% .......... 68% .......... 69% .......... 70% .........
          . 71% .......... 71% .......... 72% .......... 73% .......... 74% .......... 75% .......... 76% .......... 77% .........
          . 78% .......... 79% .......... 80% .......... 81% .......... 82% .......... 83% .......... 84% .......... 85% .........
          . 86% .......... 87% .......... 88% .......... 89% .......... 90% .......... 91% .......... 92% .......... 93% .........
          . 94% .......... 95% .......... 96% .......... 97% .......... 98% .......... 99% .... 100%
        END Becke's Smooth Voronoi Partitioning
        Writing results to workdir
      END Defining atomic weight functions (each on their own atomic grid)
      Computing charges:
       0% ........... 76% ... 100%
      Written gaussian.hipart/becke_charges.txt
    END Atomic charges

The entire screen output is conceived as a call graph that shows in which part
of Hipart the program is currently active. The order of the routines is
determined by an internal dependency mechanism that allows many different
workflows through the code. The first part of the output is a summary of the
electronic structure stored in the file ``gaussian.fchk``. From then on the
actual computation is carried out.

All output is stored in a subdirectory of the current directory whose name is
based on the filename of the formatted checkpoint file. E.g. if the formatted
checkpoint file is ``gaussian.fchk``, then the output directory is
``gaussian.hipart``. In this example the following output files can be found in
``gaussian.hipart``::

    toon@poony ~/hipart-example/alanine> ls gaussian.hipart/
    becke_charges.txt
    work

All output that depends on the choice of the partitioning scheme is prefixed
with the corresponding key, e.g. in this case we have ``becke_charges.txt``. The
work directory contains cached binary intermediate results that will be reused
when another HiPart script (or the same script with different options) is
executed afterwards. It can always be removed manually, or with the ``--clean``
option it is automatically removed at the end of the script. In this example the
``work`` directory contains the following files::

    toon@poony ~/hipart-example/alanine> ls gaussian.hipart/work/
    atom00000_becke_atweights.bin  atom00004_cell00005.bin        atom00008_cell00012.bin
    atom00000.bin                  atom00004_cell00006.bin        atom00008_moldens.bin
    atom00000_cell00000.bin        atom00004_cell00007.bin        atom00009_becke_atweights.bin
    atom00000_cell00001.bin        atom00004_cell00008.bin        atom00009.bin
    atom00000_cell00002.bin        atom00004_cell00009.bin        atom00009_cell00000.bin
    atom00000_cell00003.bin        atom00004_cell00010.bin        atom00009_cell00001.bin
    atom00000_cell00004.bin        atom00004_cell00011.bin        atom00009_cell00002.bin
    atom00000_cell00005.bin        atom00004_cell00012.bin        atom00009_cell00003.bin
    atom00000_cell00006.bin        atom00004_moldens.bin          atom00009_cell00004.bin
    atom00000_cell00007.bin        atom00005_becke_atweights.bin  atom00009_cell00005.bin
    atom00000_cell00008.bin        atom00005.bin                  atom00009_cell00006.bin
    atom00000_cell00009.bin        atom00005_cell00000.bin        atom00009_cell00007.bin
    atom00000_cell00010.bin        atom00005_cell00001.bin        atom00009_cell00008.bin
    atom00000_cell00011.bin        atom00005_cell00002.bin        atom00009_cell00009.bin
    atom00000_cell00012.bin        atom00005_cell00003.bin        atom00009_cell00010.bin
    atom00000_moldens.bin          atom00005_cell00004.bin        atom00009_cell00011.bin
    atom00001_becke_atweights.bin  atom00005_cell00005.bin        atom00009_cell00012.bin
    atom00001.bin                  atom00005_cell00006.bin        atom00009_moldens.bin
    atom00001_cell00000.bin        atom00005_cell00007.bin        atom00010_becke_atweights.bin
    atom00001_cell00001.bin        atom00005_cell00008.bin        atom00010.bin
    atom00001_cell00002.bin        atom00005_cell00009.bin        atom00010_cell00000.bin
    atom00001_cell00003.bin        atom00005_cell00010.bin        atom00010_cell00001.bin
    atom00001_cell00004.bin        atom00005_cell00011.bin        atom00010_cell00002.bin
    atom00001_cell00005.bin        atom00005_cell00012.bin        atom00010_cell00003.bin
    atom00001_cell00006.bin        atom00005_moldens.bin          atom00010_cell00004.bin
    atom00001_cell00007.bin        atom00006_becke_atweights.bin  atom00010_cell00005.bin
    atom00001_cell00008.bin        atom00006.bin                  atom00010_cell00006.bin
    atom00001_cell00009.bin        atom00006_cell00000.bin        atom00010_cell00007.bin
    atom00001_cell00010.bin        atom00006_cell00001.bin        atom00010_cell00008.bin
    atom00001_cell00011.bin        atom00006_cell00002.bin        atom00010_cell00009.bin
    atom00001_cell00012.bin        atom00006_cell00003.bin        atom00010_cell00010.bin
    atom00001_moldens.bin          atom00006_cell00004.bin        atom00010_cell00011.bin
    atom00002_becke_atweights.bin  atom00006_cell00005.bin        atom00010_cell00012.bin
    atom00002.bin                  atom00006_cell00006.bin        atom00010_moldens.bin
    atom00002_cell00000.bin        atom00006_cell00007.bin        atom00011_becke_atweights.bin
    atom00002_cell00001.bin        atom00006_cell00008.bin        atom00011.bin
    atom00002_cell00002.bin        atom00006_cell00009.bin        atom00011_cell00000.bin
    atom00002_cell00003.bin        atom00006_cell00010.bin        atom00011_cell00001.bin
    atom00002_cell00004.bin        atom00006_cell00011.bin        atom00011_cell00002.bin
    atom00002_cell00005.bin        atom00006_cell00012.bin        atom00011_cell00003.bin
    atom00002_cell00006.bin        atom00006_moldens.bin          atom00011_cell00004.bin
    atom00002_cell00007.bin        atom00007_becke_atweights.bin  atom00011_cell00005.bin
    atom00002_cell00008.bin        atom00007.bin                  atom00011_cell00006.bin
    atom00002_cell00009.bin        atom00007_cell00000.bin        atom00011_cell00007.bin
    atom00002_cell00010.bin        atom00007_cell00001.bin        atom00011_cell00008.bin
    atom00002_cell00011.bin        atom00007_cell00002.bin        atom00011_cell00009.bin
    atom00002_cell00012.bin        atom00007_cell00003.bin        atom00011_cell00010.bin
    atom00002_moldens.bin          atom00007_cell00004.bin        atom00011_cell00011.bin
    atom00003_becke_atweights.bin  atom00007_cell00005.bin        atom00011_cell00012.bin
    atom00003.bin                  atom00007_cell00006.bin        atom00011_moldens.bin
    atom00003_cell00000.bin        atom00007_cell00007.bin        atom00012_becke_atweights.bin
    atom00003_cell00001.bin        atom00007_cell00008.bin        atom00012.bin
    atom00003_cell00002.bin        atom00007_cell00009.bin        atom00012_cell00000.bin
    atom00003_cell00003.bin        atom00007_cell00010.bin        atom00012_cell00001.bin
    atom00003_cell00004.bin        atom00007_cell00011.bin        atom00012_cell00002.bin
    atom00003_cell00005.bin        atom00007_cell00012.bin        atom00012_cell00003.bin
    atom00003_cell00006.bin        atom00007_moldens.bin          atom00012_cell00004.bin
    atom00003_cell00007.bin        atom00008_becke_atweights.bin  atom00012_cell00005.bin
    atom00003_cell00008.bin        atom00008.bin                  atom00012_cell00006.bin
    atom00003_cell00009.bin        atom00008_cell00000.bin        atom00012_cell00007.bin
    atom00003_cell00010.bin        atom00008_cell00001.bin        atom00012_cell00008.bin
    atom00003_cell00011.bin        atom00008_cell00002.bin        atom00012_cell00009.bin
    atom00003_cell00012.bin        atom00008_cell00003.bin        atom00012_cell00010.bin
    atom00003_moldens.bin          atom00008_cell00004.bin        atom00012_cell00011.bin
    atom00004_becke_atweights.bin  atom00008_cell00005.bin        atom00012_cell00012.bin
    atom00004.bin                  atom00008_cell00006.bin        atom00012_moldens.bin
    atom00004_cell00000.bin        atom00008_cell00007.bin        becke_charges.bin
    atom00004_cell00001.bin        atom00008_cell00008.bin        becke_populations.bin
    atom00004_cell00002.bin        atom00008_cell00009.bin        context
    atom00004_cell00003.bin        atom00008_cell00010.bin        rs.bin
    atom00004_cell00004.bin        atom00008_cell00011.bin

Certain choices (grids and some other options) affect the contents of the files
in the work directory. When different grids are used in a second run, the work
directory is no longer usable. In the following example we try to use a
different Lebedev grid, which causes an error message::

    toon@poony ~/hipart-example/alanine> hi-charges.py gaussian.fchk becke -l14
    BEGIN Electronic structure summary
      Data read from: gaussian.fchk ()
      Restricted: True
      Orbitals present: True
      Spin density present: False
      Number of alpha electrons: 5
      Number of beta electrons: 5
      Number of electrons: 10
      Total charge: 0
      Number of atoms: 2
      Chemical formula: FH
    END Electronic structure summary
    Traceback (most recent call last):
      File "/home/toon/bin/hi-charges.py", line 5, in <module>
        pkg_resources.run_script('HiPart==0.004', 'hi-charges.py')
      File "/usr/lib/python2.6/dist-packages/pkg_resources.py", line 461, in run_script
        self.require(requires)[0].run_script(script_name, ns)
      File "/usr/lib/python2.6/dist-packages/pkg_resources.py", line 1194, in run_script
        execfile(script_filename, namespace, namespace)
      File "/home/toon/lib/python/HiPart-0.004-py2.6-linux-x86_64.egg/EGG-INFO/scripts/hi-charges.py", line 35, in <module>
        context, cache = parse_command_line(usage)
      File "/home/toon/lib/python/HiPart-0.004-py2.6-linux-x86_64.egg/hipart/opts.py", line 98, in parse_command_line
        cache = CacheClass.new_from_args(context, args[2:])
      File "/home/toon/lib/python/HiPart-0.004-py2.6-linux-x86_64.egg/hipart/cache.py", line 1046, in new_from_args
        return cls(context, k, rs)
      File "/home/toon/lib/python/HiPart-0.004-py2.6-linux-x86_64.egg/hipart/cache.py", line 1051, in __init__
        BaseCache.__init__(self, context, {"becke_k": str(k)})
      File "/home/toon/lib/python/HiPart-0.004-py2.6-linux-x86_64.egg/hipart/cache.py", line 99, in __init__
        self.context.check_tag(extra_tag_attributes)
      File "/home/toon/lib/python/HiPart-0.004-py2.6-linux-x86_64.egg/hipart/context.py", line 85, in check_tag
        raise ContextError("The existing work directory contains incompatible data. Trash it!")
    hipart.context.ContextError: The existing work directory contains incompatible data. Trash it!

Either remove the entire work directory, or stick to the options used in the
first execution of a HiPart script.

The output file ``becke_charges.txt`` has the following contents::

    toon@poony ~/hipart-example/alanine> cat gaussian.hipart/becke_charges.txt
    number of atoms: 13
      i        Z      Charge
    --------------------------------
      0   O    8   -0.211830150924
      1   O    8   -0.226117942774
      2   N    7   -0.452908032027
      3   C    6   -0.175834726603
      4   C    6   -0.370816060791
      5   C    6   -0.045089923958
      6   H    1    0.195365605367
      7   H    1    0.161545954455
      8   H    1    0.146588570392
      9   H    1    0.159295929951
     10   H    1    0.232914891450
     11   H    1    0.263608058943
     12   H    1    0.323277826520
    --------------------------------


It is easily processed with other programs in a follow-up analysis. Note that
the same data are also present in binary format in the file
``work/becke_charges.bin.`` The module :mod:`hipart.io` contains Python routines
to read and write most HiPart output files in your own Python scripts.

Although the numbers in the output file are printed with 13 decimals, one must
realize that precision is not the same as accuracy. The accuracy of these
numbers depends on the choice of the radial and angular grids. The accuracy is
also inherently limited by the choices made in the Gaussian input file and the
precision of the numbers in the formatted checkpoint file.

Even a second run of the program (after removing the work directory) will result
in slightly different numbers::

    toon@poony ~/hipart-example/alanine> rm -r gaussian.hipart
    toon@poony ~/hipart-example/alanine> hi-charges.py gaussian.fchk becke
    <output omitted>
    toon@poony ~/hipart-example/alanine> cat gaussian.hipart/becke_charges.txt
    number of atoms: 13
      i        Z      Charge
    --------------------------------
      0   O    8   -0.212286001098
      1   O    8   -0.225962908984
      2   N    7   -0.453499377490
      3   C    6   -0.175833206860
      4   C    6   -0.371150449115
      5   C    6   -0.044682232259
      6   H    1    0.195448605472
      7   H    1    0.161683191955
      8   H    1    0.146702787517
      9   H    1    0.159442914700
     10   H    1    0.233037455526
     11   H    1    0.263694328503
     12   H    1    0.323404892132
    --------------------------------


This is due to the random rotations applied to the angular grids used for the
atom-centered numerical integrations. These randomly rotated angular grids have
several advantages:

* It improves the accuracy due to compensation of errors.
* It removes directionional preference in the grids and.
* It allows simple estimates of the accuracy by simply rerunning the same
  analysis twice.

For the sake of completeness, these are the commands to compute the charges on
the same molecule with the three other partitioning schemes::

    toon@poony ~/hipart-example/alanine> hi-charges.py gaussian.fchk hirsh ../atoms/densities.txt
    toon@poony ~/hipart-example/alanine> hi-charges.py gaussian.fchk hirshi ../atoms/densities.txt
    toon@poony ~/hipart-example/alanine> hi-charges.py gaussian.fchk isa


Atomic dipoles
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Atomic dipoles are compute with the program ``hi-dipoles.py``. Like most HiPart
scripts it takes the same arguments and options as the script ``hi-charges.py``,
which are discussed in the previous section. The online help starts as follows::

    toon@poony# hi-dipoles.py --help
    Usage: hi-dipoles.py [options] gaussian.fchk scheme [scheme parameters]

    hi-dipoles.py computes atomic charges and dipoles.

    These atomic charges and dipoles are the monopole and dipole terms in the
    multipole expansion of each atomic contribution to the density. The atomic
    densities are obtained from the 'scheme' specified at the command line.
    ...

The screen output is also very similar. Depending on the previously executed
scripts, e.g. ``hi-charges.py``, some intermediate results can be loaded from
the work directory and do not have to be computed again.

The following example computes the atomic :ref:`hirshfeld-i` dipoles in the alanine
molecule::

    toon@poony ~/hipart-example/alanine> hi-dipoles.py gaussian.fchk hirshi ../atoms/densities.txt
    BEGIN Loading Electronic structure
      Data read from: gaussian.fchk ()
      Restricted: True
      Orbitals present: True
      Spin density present: False
      Number of alpha electrons: 24
      Number of beta electrons: 24
      Number of electrons: 48
      Total charge: 0
      Number of atoms: 13
      Chemical formula: O2NC3H7
    END Loading Electronic structure
    BEGIN Atomic dipoles
      BEGIN Atomic grids
        Computing/Loading atomic grids (and distances):
         0% ........... 5% .......... 11% .......... 17% .......... 23% .......... 29% .......... 35% .......... 41% .........
        . 47% .......... 53% .......... 59% .......... 65% .......... 71% .......... 76% .......... 82% .......... 88% .........
        . 94% ......... 100%
      END Atomic grids
      BEGIN Molecular density on atomic grids
        Computing/Loading densities:
         0% ........... 76% ... 100%
      END Molecular density on atomic grids
      BEGIN Defining atomic weight functions (each on their own atomic grid)
        Trying to load weight functions
        Could not load all weight functions from workdir. Computing them...
        BEGIN Iterative Hirshfeld
          Iteration 000    max change = 2.75536e-01    total charge = 5.17260e-04
          Iteration 001    max change = 1.74610e-01    total charge = 5.80338e-04
          Iteration 002    max change = 1.22219e-01    total charge = 6.16888e-04
          Iteration 003    max change = 8.35438e-02    total charge = 6.38461e-04
          Iteration 004    max change = 5.68211e-02    total charge = 6.51979e-04
          Iteration 005    max change = 3.96255e-02    total charge = 6.60918e-04
          Iteration 006    max change = 2.83372e-02    total charge = 6.67054e-04
          Iteration 007    max change = 2.03973e-02    total charge = 6.71377e-04
          Iteration 008    max change = 1.47667e-02    total charge = 6.74489e-04
          Iteration 009    max change = 1.16109e-02    total charge = 6.76756e-04
          Iteration 010    max change = 9.20412e-03    total charge = 6.78432e-04
          Iteration 011    max change = 7.30506e-03    total charge = 6.79682e-04
          Iteration 012    max change = 5.80444e-03    total charge = 6.80623e-04
          Iteration 013    max change = 4.61697e-03    total charge = 6.81337e-04
          Iteration 014    max change = 3.67600e-03    total charge = 6.81883e-04
          Iteration 015    max change = 2.92941e-03    total charge = 6.82302e-04
          Iteration 016    max change = 2.33632e-03    total charge = 6.82625e-04
          Iteration 017    max change = 1.86465e-03    total charge = 6.82876e-04
          Iteration 018    max change = 1.48917e-03    total charge = 6.83071e-04
          Iteration 019    max change = 1.18998e-03    total charge = 6.83224e-04
          Iteration 020    max change = 9.51378e-04    total charge = 6.83344e-04
          Iteration 021    max change = 7.60959e-04    total charge = 6.83438e-04
          Iteration 022    max change = 6.08891e-04    total charge = 6.83512e-04
          Iteration 023    max change = 4.87379e-04    total charge = 6.83571e-04
          Iteration 024    max change = 3.90232e-04    total charge = 6.83617e-04
          Iteration 025    max change = 3.12530e-04    total charge = 6.83654e-04
          Iteration 026    max change = 2.50356e-04    total charge = 6.83683e-04
          Iteration 027    max change = 2.00589e-04    total charge = 6.83706e-04
          Iteration 028    max change = 1.60741e-04    total charge = 6.83725e-04
          Iteration 029    max change = 1.28828e-04    total charge = 6.83739e-04
          Iteration 030    max change = 1.03263e-04    total charge = 6.83751e-04
          Iteration 031    max change = 8.27801e-05    total charge = 6.83760e-04
        END Iterative Hirshfeld
        Writing results to workdir
      END Defining atomic weight functions (each on their own atomic grid)
      Computing dipoles:
       0% ........... 76% ... 100%
      Written gaussian.hipart/hirshi_dipoles.txt
    END Atomic dipoles

The output is stored in the file ``gaussian.hipart/hirshi_dipoles.txt``. ::

    toon@poony ~/hipart-example/alanine> cat gaussian.hipart/hirshi_dipoles.txt
    number of atoms: 13
      i        Z      Dipole-X        Dipole-Y        Dipole-Z      Dipole-norm
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      0   O    8  -0.070971228298  0.058939792138 -0.049805346138  0.104839815181
      1   O    8   0.003427569749 -0.080037505223  0.049155449234  0.093989407202
      2   N    7   0.032989636016  0.113658772017  0.007558083216  0.118590712801
      3   C    6  -0.146086700416 -0.059768791465  0.048156232761  0.165023196022
      4   C    6  -0.002296149335 -0.025989999686 -0.034734865594  0.043442643488
      5   C    6   0.072468606622  0.028445758103 -0.004440958158  0.077978088006
      6   H    1  -0.017722304183  0.043438610385 -0.095282537525  0.106206190473
      7   H    1   0.040027317026  0.073894901988 -0.002654305078  0.084081436617
      8   H    1  -0.077314096654  0.019857082661 -0.023393180432  0.083180611707
      9   H    1  -0.003145374821 -0.026898862075  0.079983515109  0.084444093061
     10   H    1  -0.064465604534  0.011013617024 -0.003193093485  0.065477551679
     11   H    1  -0.000769543878 -0.041022742610  0.048994172037  0.063905293229
     12   H    1   0.062268957875 -0.000049451488  0.011842353616  0.063385068427


Testing charges and dipoles on the ESP grid
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

It is well known that some charge population schemes are better in reproducing
the electrostatic potential around a molecule than others. [Bultinck2009]_ Since this
often a desirable property, the script ``hi-esp-test.py`` can be used to verify
the quality of the atomic charges and/or dipoles obtained with a partitioning
scheme.

``hi-esp-test.py`` performs two tests:

1. It computes the molecular dipole moment based on (i) charges, (ii) dipoles,
   and (iii) charges with dipoles derived from the population analysis. These
   molecular dipole approximations are compared with the molecular dipole vector
   reported in the formatted checkpoint file.

2. A second test is based on an ESP fitting cost function for the charges and
   the dipoles. With this cost function the script computes how well (i) the
   charges, (ii) the dipoles, and (iii) the charges with the dipoles reproduce
   the ESP around the molecule. The current definition of the ESP cost function
   is discussed in [Verstraelen2009]_, and we quote the relevant paragraph below
   for the details:

    We do not rely on charges that are fitted to reproduce the
    ESP around the molecule because they generally suffer from
    statistical inaccuracies. This does not mean that the ESP
    around the molecule is an irrelevant quantity. For the development
    of the electrostatic term in a FF model, one is, in
    principle, only interested in the reproduction of the ESP generated
    by the full electron density, not only in the gas phase
    but also when the electron density adapts to an electrostatic
    perturbation. Under these conditions one can reproduce the
    correct electrostatic interactions. We evaluated, for each
    single point calculation, the ab initio ESP on a molecular
    grid to benchmark the performance of each parametrization.
    A two-dimensional schematic picture of the grid is given in
    Fig. 4. It is constructed as follows. First, 30 concentric
    spheres are placed around each atom. The minimum sphere
    radius is 1.5 times the radius of the noble gas core of the
    corresponding atom, the maximum radius is 30 times the
    noble gas core radius. The radii of intermediate spheres are
    equidistant on a logarithmic scale. On each sphere, we used
    randomly rotated 50-point Lebedev–Laikov grids. The
    random rotation avoids arbitrary preferred directions. For
    this study, we only retained the grid points where the electron
    density is lower than 10e−5 a.u.

   This is figure 4 from the paper:

   .. image:: grid.png

Again, the script is executed in the same style as all other scripts. See the
documentation of ``hi-charges.py`` for more details. The example below tests the
charges and dipoles obtained with a :ref:`hirshfeld-i` partitioning::

    toon@poony ~/hipart-example/alanine> hi-esp-test.py gaussian.fchk hirshi ../atoms/densities.txt
    hi-esp-test.py gaussian.fchk hirshi ../atoms/densities.txt
    BEGIN Loading Electronic structure
      Data read from: gaussian.fchk ()
      Restricted: True
      Orbitals present: True
      Spin density present: False
      Number of alpha electrons: 24
      Number of beta electrons: 24
      Number of electrons: 48
      Total charge: 0
      Number of atoms: 13
      Chemical formula: O2NC3H7
    END Loading Electronic structure
    BEGIN Testing charges and dipoles on ESP grid.
      BEGIN Atomic charges
        BEGIN Atomic grids
          Computing/Loading atomic grids (and distances):
           0% ........... 5% .......... 11% .......... 17% .......... 23% .......... 29% .......... 35% .......... 41% .........
          . 47% .......... 53% .......... 59% .......... 65% .......... 71% .......... 76% .......... 82% .......... 88% .........
          . 94% ......... 100%
        END Atomic grids
        BEGIN Molecular density on atomic grids
          Computing/Loading densities:
           0% ........... 76% ... 100%
        END Molecular density on atomic grids
        BEGIN Defining atomic weight functions (each on their own atomic grid)
          Trying to load weight functions
        END Defining atomic weight functions (each on their own atomic grid)
        Computing charges:
         0% ........... 76% ... 100%
        Written gaussian.hipart/hirshi_charges.txt
      END Atomic charges
      BEGIN Atomic dipoles
        Loading dipoles.
        Written gaussian.hipart/hirshi_dipoles.txt
      END Atomic dipoles
      BEGIN Computing the ESP cost function
        BEGIN Molecular density on the molecular grid
          BEGIN Molecular grid
            BEGIN Estimating noble gas core radii
              Computing noble radii
            END Estimating noble gas core radii
            Constructing molecular grid:
             0% ........... 33% .......... 66% .......... 100%
          END Molecular grid
        END Molecular density on the molecular grid
        BEGIN Molecular potential on the molecular grid
          This may take a minute. Hang on.
        END Molecular potential on the molecular grid
        Written gaussian.hipart/mol_esp_cost.txt
      END Computing the ESP cost function
      Written gaussian.hipart/hirshi_esp_test.txt
    END Testing charges and dipoles on ESP grid.

This script computes the charges and dipoles with the given scheme if they are
not present yet. Then the matrix representation of the cost function is
constructed and stored in the file ``mol_esp_cost.txt``. The results of the
test are written in ``hirsh_esp_test.txt``. The output in this example is::

    toon@poony ~/hipart-example/alanine> cat gaussian.hipart/hirshi_esp_test.txt
    Reproduction of the molecular dipole
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      Dipole-X        Dipole-Y        Dipole-Z       Dipole-norm
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    charges (q)   -0.054069592658  0.643203611818  0.166578561018  0.666620449804
    dipoles (p)   -0.171588914832  0.115481181768  0.032185519564  0.209319293676
    q and p       -0.225658507489  0.758684793585  0.198764080581  0.816107552807
    total density -0.226635821000  0.757958121000  0.199290781000  0.815831553657
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    Reproduction of the external molecular ESP
    -------------------------------------------------------------
                         RMSD             RMS       CORRELATION
    -------------------------------------------------------------
    charges (q)       1.67208e-03     6.38350e-03       0.98
    dipoles (p)       6.43865e-03     1.75708e-03       0.55
    q and p           5.20147e-04     7.21791e-03       1.00
    total density                     7.22795e-03
    -------------------------------------------------------------

As can be seen in the first section, the charges with the dipoles are able to
reproduce the QM dipole moment from Gaussian up to some numerical error. This
error can be controlled to some extent by tuning the grids. In principle, the
correspondence should be exact. The dipole is reasonably well reproduced by just
using the effective charges.

The second section of the output compares the QM ESP on the grid points is with
the ESP generated by either the charges, the dipoles or the charges with
dipoles. The first column is the root means square deviation over all grid
points. The second column contains the root means square value of the ESP over
all grid points. The third column contains the correlation coefficient between
the approximate and QM ESP data. One can compute the relative errors by dividing
an RMSD value by the RMS value of the total density. In this example the
relative error (over all grid points) of the ESP predicted by the charges is
23%. Charges combined with dipoles give a fairly accurate description of the ESP
around the molecule, with a relative error of 7%.

In both tests it is clear that the atomic dipoles contribute little to the ESP.
This can be seen in two places: (i) the norm of the contribution to the
molecular dipole of the atomic dipoles is small compared to the norm of the
total molecular dipole, and (ii) the RMS value of the ESP contributions of the
dipoles is relatively small.

Atomic multipole expansions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The multipole expansion of each atom, up to the hexadecapole, is computed with
the script ``hi-multipoles.py``. This is an example with the :ref:`isa`::

    toon@poony ~/hipart-example/alanine> hi-multipoles gaussian.fchk isa
    BEGIN Loading Electronic structure
      Data read from: gaussian.fchk ()
      Restricted: True
      Orbitals present: True
      Spin density present: False
      Number of alpha electrons: 24
      Number of beta electrons: 24
      Number of electrons: 48
      Total charge: 0
      Number of atoms: 13
      Chemical formula: O2NC3H7
    END Loading Electronic structure
    BEGIN Atomic multipoles (up to hexadecapols)
      BEGIN Atomic grids
        Computing/Loading atomic grids (and distances):
         0% ........... 5% .......... 11% .......... 17% .......... 23% .......... 29% .......... 35% .......... 41% .........
        . 47% .......... 53% .......... 59% .......... 65% .......... 71% .......... 76% .......... 82% .......... 88% .........
        . 94% ......... 100%
      END Atomic grids
      BEGIN Molecular density on atomic grids
        Computing/Loading densities:
         0% ........... 76% ... 100%
      END Molecular density on atomic grids
      BEGIN Defining atomic weight functions (each on their own atomic grid)
        Trying to load weight functions
        Could not load all weight functions from workdir. Computing them...
        BEGIN Iterative Stockholder Analysis
          Generating initial guess for the pro-atoms
          Iteration 000    max change = 6.33205e-01    total charge = 7.34678e-04
          Iteration 001    max change = 6.26729e-02    total charge = 4.74203e-04
          Iteration 002    max change = 4.83609e-02    total charge = 3.39329e-04
          Iteration 003    max change = 3.92149e-02    total charge = 2.77369e-04
          Iteration 004    max change = 3.22129e-02    total charge = 2.51642e-04
          Iteration 005    max change = 2.69339e-02    total charge = 2.42697e-04
          Iteration 006    max change = 2.29472e-02    total charge = 2.35508e-04
          Iteration 007    max change = 1.98865e-02    total charge = 2.45061e-04
          Iteration 008    max change = 1.74853e-02    total charge = 2.47726e-04
          Iteration 009    max change = 1.55616e-02    total charge = 2.53196e-04
          Iteration 010    max change = 1.39891e-02    total charge = 2.54505e-04
          Iteration 011    max change = 1.26819e-02    total charge = 2.63769e-04
          Iteration 012    max change = 1.15783e-02    total charge = 2.68536e-04
          Iteration 013    max change = 1.06355e-02    total charge = 2.73108e-04
          Iteration 014    max change = 9.82059e-03    total charge = 2.77213e-04
          Iteration 015    max change = 9.10960e-03    total charge = 2.81606e-04
          Iteration 016    max change = 8.48407e-03    total charge = 2.93004e-04
          Iteration 017    max change = 7.92955e-03    total charge = 2.78440e-04
          Iteration 018    max change = 7.43584e-03    total charge = 2.85530e-04
          Iteration 019    max change = 6.99149e-03    total charge = 2.85568e-04
          Iteration 020    max change = 6.59133e-03    total charge = 2.87712e-04
          Iteration 021    max change = 6.22833e-03    total charge = 2.86723e-04
          Iteration 022    max change = 5.89866e-03    total charge = 2.87608e-04
          Iteration 023    max change = 5.59702e-03    total charge = 2.87997e-04
          Iteration 024    max change = 5.32045e-03    total charge = 2.88167e-04
          Iteration 025    max change = 5.05918e-03    total charge = 2.81648e-04
          Iteration 026    max change = 4.83243e-03    total charge = 2.89346e-04
          Iteration 027    max change = 4.61457e-03    total charge = 2.89445e-04
          Iteration 028    max change = 4.41282e-03    total charge = 2.89155e-04
          Iteration 029    max change = 4.22595e-03    total charge = 2.89796e-04
          Iteration 030    max change = 4.05130e-03    total charge = 2.90014e-04
          Iteration 031    max change = 3.88862e-03    total charge = 2.90647e-04
          Iteration 032    max change = 3.73607e-03    total charge = 2.90979e-04
          Iteration 033    max change = 3.59329e-03    total charge = 2.91544e-04
          Iteration 034    max change = 3.45906e-03    total charge = 2.91988e-04
          Iteration 035    max change = 3.33287e-03    total charge = 2.92517e-04
          Iteration 036    max change = 3.21393e-03    total charge = 2.93004e-04
          Iteration 037    max change = 3.10172e-03    total charge = 2.93520e-04
          Iteration 038    max change = 2.99567e-03    total charge = 2.94031e-04
          Iteration 039    max change = 2.89533e-03    total charge = 2.94546e-04
          Iteration 040    max change = 2.80026e-03    total charge = 2.95053e-04
          Iteration 041    max change = 2.71008e-03    total charge = 2.95564e-04
          Iteration 042    max change = 2.62443e-03    total charge = 2.96074e-04
          Iteration 043    max change = 2.54300e-03    total charge = 2.96569e-04
          Iteration 044    max change = 2.46549e-03    total charge = 2.97061e-04
          Iteration 045    max change = 2.39163e-03    total charge = 2.97514e-04
          Iteration 046    max change = 2.32120e-03    total charge = 2.98004e-04
          Iteration 047    max change = 2.25396e-03    total charge = 2.98446e-04
          Iteration 048    max change = 2.18972e-03    total charge = 2.98926e-04
          Iteration 049    max change = 2.12829e-03    total charge = 2.99372e-04
          Iteration 050    max change = 2.06949e-03    total charge = 2.99734e-04
          Iteration 051    max change = 2.01316e-03    total charge = 3.00235e-04
          Iteration 052    max change = 1.95919e-03    total charge = 3.00610e-04
          Iteration 053    max change = 1.90738e-03    total charge = 3.00993e-04
          Iteration 054    max change = 1.85769e-03    total charge = 3.01383e-04
          Iteration 055    max change = 1.80990e-03    total charge = 3.01741e-04
          Iteration 056    max change = 1.76401e-03    total charge = 3.02117e-04
          Iteration 057    max change = 1.71983e-03    total charge = 3.02442e-04
          Iteration 058    max change = 1.67735e-03    total charge = 3.02798e-04
          Iteration 059    max change = 1.63640e-03    total charge = 3.03099e-04
          Iteration 060    max change = 1.59698e-03    total charge = 3.03428e-04
          Iteration 061    max change = 1.55893e-03    total charge = 3.03703e-04
          Iteration 062    max change = 1.52227e-03    total charge = 3.04008e-04
          Iteration 063    max change = 1.48685e-03    total charge = 3.04256e-04
          Iteration 064    max change = 1.45268e-03    total charge = 3.04541e-04
          Iteration 065    max change = 1.41963e-03    total charge = 3.04757e-04
          Iteration 066    max change = 1.38773e-03    total charge = 3.05034e-04
          Iteration 067    max change = 1.35683e-03    total charge = 3.05204e-04
          Iteration 068    max change = 1.32701e-03    total charge = 3.05490e-04
          Iteration 069    max change = 1.29805e-03    total charge = 3.05579e-04
          Iteration 070    max change = 1.27014e-03    total charge = 3.05922e-04
          Iteration 071    max change = 1.24292e-03    total charge = 3.05833e-04
          Iteration 072    max change = 1.21683e-03    total charge = 3.06432e-04
          Iteration 073    max change = 1.19108e-03    total charge = 3.05873e-04
          Iteration 074    max change = 1.16683e-03    total charge = 3.07237e-04
          Iteration 075    max change = 1.14207e-03    total charge = 3.05038e-04
          Iteration 076    max change = 1.12002e-03    total charge = 3.08641e-04
          Iteration 077    max change = 1.09572e-03    total charge = 3.02772e-04
          Iteration 078    max change = 1.07594e-03    total charge = 3.09582e-04
          Iteration 079    max change = 1.05309e-03    total charge = 3.07516e-04
          Iteration 080    max change = 1.03329e-03    total charge = 3.07460e-04
          Iteration 081    max change = 1.01196e-03    total charge = 3.06466e-04
          Iteration 082    max change = 9.94132e-04    total charge = 3.10109e-04
          Iteration 083    max change = 9.73446e-04    total charge = 3.03335e-04
          Iteration 084    max change = 9.56719e-04    total charge = 3.12534e-04
          Iteration 085    max change = 9.36208e-04    total charge = 3.07849e-04
          Iteration 086    max change = 9.21266e-04    total charge = 3.10605e-04
          Iteration 087    max change = 9.03183e-04    total charge = 2.96867e-04
          Iteration 088    max change = 8.84028e-04    total charge = 3.08716e-04
          Iteration 089    max change = 8.71551e-04    total charge = 3.13506e-04
          Iteration 090    max change = 8.55399e-04    total charge = 3.10947e-04
          Iteration 091    max change = 8.37726e-04    total charge = 3.33100e-04
          Iteration 092    max change = 8.24622e-04    total charge = 3.12684e-04
          Iteration 093    max change = 8.10768e-04    total charge = 3.14685e-04
          Iteration 094    max change = 7.94384e-04    total charge = 3.12903e-04
          Iteration 095    max change = 7.81844e-04    total charge = 3.14497e-04
          Iteration 096    max change = 7.72065e-04    total charge = 3.18444e-04
          Iteration 097    max change = 7.54829e-04    total charge = 3.13910e-04
          Iteration 098    max change = 7.42443e-04    total charge = 3.15840e-04
          Iteration 099    max change = 7.29230e-04    total charge = 3.15607e-04
          Iteration 100    max change = 7.15854e-04    total charge = 3.14752e-04
          Iteration 101    max change = 7.05365e-04    total charge = 3.16508e-04
          Iteration 102    max change = 6.93285e-04    total charge = 3.16249e-04
          Iteration 103    max change = 6.82546e-04    total charge = 3.17115e-04
          Iteration 104    max change = 6.70539e-04    total charge = 3.16470e-04
          Iteration 105    max change = 6.59578e-04    total charge = 3.16785e-04
          Iteration 106    max change = 6.48790e-04    total charge = 3.16957e-04
          Iteration 107    max change = 6.38271e-04    total charge = 3.17106e-04
          Iteration 108    max change = 6.27989e-04    total charge = 3.17250e-04
          Iteration 109    max change = 6.17935e-04    total charge = 3.17390e-04
          Iteration 110    max change = 6.08099e-04    total charge = 3.17528e-04
          Iteration 111    max change = 5.98476e-04    total charge = 3.17663e-04
          Iteration 112    max change = 5.89059e-04    total charge = 3.17793e-04
          Iteration 113    max change = 5.79841e-04    total charge = 3.17892e-04
          Iteration 114    max change = 5.70819e-04    total charge = 3.17962e-04
          Iteration 115    max change = 5.61985e-04    total charge = 3.18094e-04
          Iteration 116    max change = 5.53330e-04    total charge = 3.18247e-04
          Iteration 117    max change = 5.44854e-04    total charge = 3.18390e-04
          Iteration 118    max change = 5.36552e-04    total charge = 3.18513e-04
          Iteration 119    max change = 5.28417e-04    total charge = 3.18626e-04
          Iteration 120    max change = 5.20434e-04    total charge = 3.18727e-04
          Iteration 121    max change = 5.12539e-04    total charge = 3.18756e-04
          Iteration 122    max change = 5.04966e-04    total charge = 3.18957e-04
          Iteration 123    max change = 4.97346e-04    total charge = 3.18939e-04
          Iteration 124    max change = 4.90160e-04    total charge = 3.19213e-04
          Iteration 125    max change = 4.82836e-04    total charge = 3.19195e-04
          Iteration 126    max change = 4.75868e-04    total charge = 3.19391e-04
          Iteration 127    max change = 4.68801e-04    total charge = 3.19377e-04
          Iteration 128    max change = 4.62181e-04    total charge = 3.19645e-04
          Iteration 129    max change = 4.55347e-04    total charge = 3.19592e-04
          Iteration 130    max change = 4.48977e-04    total charge = 3.19845e-04
          Iteration 131    max change = 4.42348e-04    total charge = 3.19767e-04
          Iteration 132    max change = 4.36295e-04    total charge = 3.20079e-04
          Iteration 133    max change = 4.29935e-04    total charge = 3.20048e-04
          Iteration 134    max change = 4.24014e-04    total charge = 3.20221e-04
          Iteration 135    max change = 4.17793e-04    total charge = 3.20154e-04
          Iteration 136    max change = 4.12291e-04    total charge = 3.20493e-04
          Iteration 137    max change = 4.06417e-04    total charge = 3.20582e-04
          Iteration 138    max change = 4.00639e-04    total charge = 3.20341e-04
          Iteration 139    max change = 3.95389e-04    total charge = 3.21001e-04
          Iteration 140    max change = 3.89151e-04    total charge = 3.19984e-04
          Iteration 141    max change = 3.84774e-04    total charge = 3.21424e-04
          Iteration 142    max change = 3.79397e-04    total charge = 3.20966e-04
          Iteration 143    max change = 3.74225e-04    total charge = 3.21308e-04
          Iteration 144    max change = 3.35813e-04    total charge = 2.87776e-04
          Iteration 145    max change = 3.72536e-04    total charge = 3.27485e-04
          Iteration 146    max change = 3.63262e-04    total charge = 3.24967e-04
          Iteration 147    max change = 3.57989e-04    total charge = 2.76173e-04
          Iteration 148    max change = 3.55355e-04    total charge = 3.29259e-04
          Iteration 149    max change = 3.46221e-04    total charge = 3.34826e-04
          Iteration 150    max change = 3.41835e-04    total charge = 3.27780e-04
          Iteration 151    max change = 3.37350e-04    total charge = 3.35437e-04
          Iteration 152    max change = 3.31991e-04    total charge = 3.39611e-04
          Iteration 153    max change = 3.27742e-04    total charge = 3.30966e-04
          Iteration 154    max change = 3.23045e-04    total charge = 3.30193e-04
          Iteration 155    max change = 3.22159e-04    total charge = 3.34122e-04
          Iteration 156    max change = 3.14289e-04    total charge = 3.30974e-04
          Iteration 157    max change = 3.10397e-04    total charge = 3.31483e-04
          Iteration 158    max change = 3.06311e-04    total charge = 3.31802e-04
          Iteration 159    max change = 3.02369e-04    total charge = 3.32048e-04
          Iteration 160    max change = 2.98504e-04    total charge = 3.32263e-04
          Iteration 161    max change = 2.94701e-04    total charge = 3.32429e-04
          Iteration 162    max change = 2.90958e-04    total charge = 3.32613e-04
          Iteration 163    max change = 2.87270e-04    total charge = 3.32789e-04
          Iteration 164    max change = 2.83641e-04    total charge = 3.32947e-04
          Iteration 165    max change = 2.80070e-04    total charge = 3.33099e-04
          Iteration 166    max change = 2.76555e-04    total charge = 3.33244e-04
          Iteration 167    max change = 2.73095e-04    total charge = 3.33384e-04
          Iteration 168    max change = 2.69689e-04    total charge = 3.33519e-04
          Iteration 169    max change = 2.66337e-04    total charge = 3.33721e-04
          Iteration 170    max change = 2.63037e-04    total charge = 3.33778e-04
          Iteration 171    max change = 2.59788e-04    total charge = 3.33902e-04
          Iteration 172    max change = 2.56588e-04    total charge = 3.34023e-04
          Iteration 173    max change = 2.53438e-04    total charge = 3.34141e-04
          Iteration 174    max change = 2.50336e-04    total charge = 3.34287e-04
          Iteration 175    max change = 2.47280e-04    total charge = 3.34370e-04
          Iteration 176    max change = 2.44272e-04    total charge = 3.34481e-04
          Iteration 177    max change = 2.41308e-04    total charge = 3.34589e-04
          Iteration 178    max change = 2.38389e-04    total charge = 3.34696e-04
          Iteration 179    max change = 2.35513e-04    total charge = 3.34800e-04
          Iteration 180    max change = 2.32680e-04    total charge = 3.34903e-04
          Iteration 181    max change = 2.29889e-04    total charge = 3.35004e-04
          Iteration 182    max change = 2.27139e-04    total charge = 3.35103e-04
          Iteration 183    max change = 2.24429e-04    total charge = 3.35200e-04
          Iteration 184    max change = 2.21756e-04    total charge = 3.35293e-04
          Iteration 185    max change = 2.19114e-04    total charge = 3.35375e-04
          Iteration 186    max change = 2.16521e-04    total charge = 3.35466e-04
          Iteration 187    max change = 2.13969e-04    total charge = 3.35561e-04
          Iteration 188    max change = 2.11452e-04    total charge = 3.35631e-04
          Iteration 189    max change = 2.08972e-04    total charge = 3.35982e-04
          Iteration 190    max change = 2.06521e-04    total charge = 3.35852e-04
          Iteration 191    max change = 2.04115e-04    total charge = 3.35939e-04
          Iteration 192    max change = 2.01738e-04    total charge = 3.36024e-04
          Iteration 193    max change = 1.99396e-04    total charge = 3.36108e-04
          Iteration 194    max change = 1.97086e-04    total charge = 3.36191e-04
          Iteration 195    max change = 1.94809e-04    total charge = 3.36273e-04
          Iteration 196    max change = 1.92563e-04    total charge = 3.36354e-04
          Iteration 197    max change = 1.90349e-04    total charge = 3.36434e-04
          Iteration 198    max change = 1.88166e-04    total charge = 3.36512e-04
          Iteration 199    max change = 1.86013e-04    total charge = 3.36590e-04
          Iteration 200    max change = 1.83890e-04    total charge = 3.36667e-04
          Iteration 201    max change = 1.81796e-04    total charge = 3.36743e-04
          Iteration 202    max change = 1.79731e-04    total charge = 3.36818e-04
          Iteration 203    max change = 1.77694e-04    total charge = 3.36892e-04
          Iteration 204    max change = 1.75685e-04    total charge = 3.36965e-04
          Iteration 205    max change = 1.73703e-04    total charge = 3.37037e-04
          Iteration 206    max change = 1.71748e-04    total charge = 3.37109e-04
          Iteration 207    max change = 1.69819e-04    total charge = 3.37179e-04
          Iteration 208    max change = 1.67916e-04    total charge = 3.37249e-04
          Iteration 209    max change = 1.66039e-04    total charge = 3.37318e-04
          Iteration 210    max change = 1.64187e-04    total charge = 3.37386e-04
          Iteration 211    max change = 1.62359e-04    total charge = 3.37453e-04
          Iteration 212    max change = 1.60556e-04    total charge = 3.37520e-04
          Iteration 213    max change = 1.58776e-04    total charge = 3.37586e-04
          Iteration 214    max change = 1.57020e-04    total charge = 3.37651e-04
          Iteration 215    max change = 1.55287e-04    total charge = 3.37715e-04
          Iteration 216    max change = 1.53577e-04    total charge = 3.37779e-04
          Iteration 217    max change = 1.51889e-04    total charge = 3.37842e-04
          Iteration 218    max change = 1.50223e-04    total charge = 3.37904e-04
          Iteration 219    max change = 1.48578e-04    total charge = 3.37965e-04
          Iteration 220    max change = 1.46955e-04    total charge = 3.38025e-04
          Iteration 221    max change = 1.45354e-04    total charge = 3.38082e-04
          Iteration 222    max change = 1.43773e-04    total charge = 3.38134e-04
          Iteration 223    max change = 1.42215e-04    total charge = 3.38176e-04
          Iteration 224    max change = 1.40679e-04    total charge = 3.38206e-04
          Iteration 225    max change = 1.39162e-04    total charge = 3.38222e-04
          Iteration 226    max change = 1.37666e-04    total charge = 3.38233e-04
          Iteration 227    max change = 1.36184e-04    total charge = 3.38243e-04
          Iteration 228    max change = 1.34719e-04    total charge = 3.38261e-04
          Iteration 229    max change = 1.33270e-04    total charge = 3.38288e-04
          Iteration 230    max change = 1.31836e-04    total charge = 3.38320e-04
          Iteration 231    max change = 1.30423e-04    total charge = 3.38366e-04
          Iteration 232    max change = 1.29024e-04    total charge = 3.38414e-04
          Iteration 233    max change = 1.27648e-04    total charge = 3.38473e-04
          Iteration 234    max change = 1.26284e-04    total charge = 3.38529e-04
          Iteration 235    max change = 1.24946e-04    total charge = 3.38599e-04
          Iteration 236    max change = 1.23613e-04    total charge = 3.38651e-04
          Iteration 237    max change = 1.22317e-04    total charge = 3.38733e-04
          Iteration 238    max change = 1.21005e-04    total charge = 3.38769e-04
          Iteration 239    max change = 1.19759e-04    total charge = 3.38871e-04
          Iteration 240    max change = 1.18456e-04    total charge = 3.38875e-04
          Iteration 241    max change = 1.17268e-04    total charge = 3.39008e-04
          Iteration 242    max change = 1.15974e-04    total charge = 3.38979e-04
          Iteration 243    max change = 1.14830e-04    total charge = 3.39125e-04
          Iteration 244    max change = 1.13576e-04    total charge = 3.39102e-04
          Iteration 245    max change = 1.12434e-04    total charge = 3.39201e-04
          Iteration 246    max change = 1.11241e-04    total charge = 3.39208e-04
          Iteration 247    max change = 1.10097e-04    total charge = 3.39256e-04
          Iteration 248    max change = 1.08952e-04    total charge = 3.39277e-04
          Iteration 249    max change = 1.07824e-04    total charge = 3.39298e-04
          Iteration 250    max change = 1.06707e-04    total charge = 3.39312e-04
          Iteration 251    max change = 1.05603e-04    total charge = 3.39325e-04
          Iteration 252    max change = 1.04510e-04    total charge = 3.39340e-04
          Iteration 253    max change = 1.03429e-04    total charge = 3.39359e-04
          Iteration 254    max change = 1.02361e-04    total charge = 3.39383e-04
          Iteration 255    max change = 1.01305e-04    total charge = 3.39412e-04
          Iteration 256    max change = 1.00262e-04    total charge = 3.39445e-04
          Iteration 257    max change = 9.92317e-05    total charge = 3.39481e-04
        END Iterative Stockholder Analysis
        Writing results to workdir
      END Defining atomic weight functions (each on their own atomic grid)
      Computing multipoles:
       0% ........... 76% ... 100%
      Written gaussian.hipart/isa_multipoles.txt
    END Atomic multipoles (up to hexadecapols)

We often experience slow convergence with the ISA method. This may be inherent
to the method. Any suggestions to improve this are always appreciated.

The output is written to ``gaussian.hipart/isa_multipoles.txt`` and can also be
read into your Python scripts with the routines in :mod:`hipart.io`. ::

    toon@poony ~/hipart-example/alanine> cat gaussian.hipart/isa_multipoles.txt
    number of atoms: 13
    number of fields: 25
       Multipoles   |      (0,0)           (1,0)           (1,1+)          (1,1-)          (2,0)           (2,1+)          (2,1-)          (2,2+)          (2,2-)          (3,0)           (3,1+)          (3,1-)          (3,2+)          (3,2-)          (3,3+)          (3,3-)          (4,0)           (4,1+)          (4,1-)          (4,2+)          (4,2-)          (4,3+)          (4,3-)          (4,4+)          (4,4-)
    ----------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      0   O    8    | -0.592142491311  0.001756691643 -0.022195389767 -0.009958506655 -0.096074619322 -0.012204165528 -0.080959770781  0.084665172788  0.084489653241  0.159145877436 -0.021370210470 -0.044549296032 -0.086663485873 -0.023818154024 -0.136876599013  0.237362424122 -0.037329162671  0.026085390488  0.002983411820  0.127846086213  0.052762334620 -0.031369357410 -0.052063170688 -0.077951139944 -0.190580251156
      1   O    8    | -0.544820972903  0.023233022104  0.011662324439 -0.048054564862  0.112052475725  0.016242669088  0.025199633606 -0.150028837482 -0.077194132363  0.134332091945  0.061410044195 -0.042738992271 -0.095693905175 -0.173719739902 -0.258349836774  0.066217878548 -0.027918088910 -0.060148268720 -0.013541963218  0.038512654429  0.068357659405  0.102636846624  0.055635325215  0.055007009959 -0.044823155468
      2   N    7    | -0.863962016586  0.061811095124  0.011356681277  0.104428966703 -0.262942715151  0.143627936218 -0.278138792300  0.010915245609  0.149983135989 -0.100721861065 -0.171383688124  0.567446639622 -0.103982064111  0.116980291412  0.455912331230 -0.236204524129  0.117134316298  0.247900036744 -0.307921982246  0.283037885325  0.051612986709 -0.085578237990 -0.063620534199 -0.172776319780 -0.260088207083
      3   C    6    |  0.396482257671  0.021305492206 -0.120291813857 -0.063759176835 -0.028108774212  0.002585440574  0.023952412692 -0.060260274454  0.054530493280  0.091424666622 -0.017153038089 -0.145719678212 -0.085930845937  0.017409849069 -0.243022872232  0.099673697519  0.086239691975  0.007534478010  0.008552775590  0.054424880149  0.029315806565  0.087523932480  0.202887509693 -0.006415824430  0.195670124882
      4   C    6    | -0.382471197776 -0.006757574174 -0.003255473791 -0.013256342214 -0.009371044983 -0.009358671087  0.046178196240 -0.032913557932 -0.009256425447 -0.100616722685 -0.041934703371  0.192836914812  0.048375451395 -0.134016989547  0.227420373055  0.000414669217 -0.035876255898 -0.107605253991 -0.250196302175 -0.236802181540 -0.217822675451  0.190463100916 -0.115525109128  0.093270824362 -0.216770199293
      5   C    6    |  0.637157404389  0.000854866740  0.100294189425  0.011144202835  0.034870209187 -0.070195303769  0.100647356337 -0.072508878932  0.048634815357  0.009896086599  0.087913042484  0.043422708709  0.073909255360  0.048811040787  0.085910988186 -0.112849628671 -0.030972169710 -0.069116948719  0.079616894868 -0.336643872468 -0.162383618204 -0.125119931297  0.143265804829  0.065026555257  0.227212363974
      6   H    1    |  0.000259655854 -0.045219667604 -0.005899112669  0.015188588919  0.021571128433 -0.001612563022 -0.018519136687 -0.008668765200  0.020449862574 -0.000761830006 -0.001142537902 -0.004741314194  0.000894912272  0.007400369743  0.023363915412 -0.006332817813 -0.028355210627 -0.014719112200  0.037849096398  0.001287903218  0.015345710551  0.009145724857  0.026853059742 -0.005689451951  0.061178612421
      7   H    1    |  0.098582951977  0.000173909024  0.013598806720  0.022660990593 -0.006909415859 -0.002754154119 -0.001870826902 -0.002691330036  0.010988461840 -0.012456224250 -0.014463285358  0.002573849779  0.008255332207 -0.009497865840 -0.015458673379 -0.003030991989 -0.017421974263  0.005448045237 -0.005110925296  0.036890953576 -0.005338485796 -0.018289624888  0.001782967664 -0.009222038568 -0.008702604483
      8   H    1    |  0.089955660710 -0.005605665400 -0.023617366095  0.008566541582 -0.003905483623  0.009817375608  0.001082619117  0.009565588574 -0.009594065658  0.002074244440  0.003693578435  0.019260290334 -0.008740878475  0.000895650746 -0.015411683295  0.016638328005 -0.015296085868  0.026353344042  0.004746012365 -0.009845538104  0.051842080341 -0.010960712408 -0.009487764866  0.019113269010  0.016773996259
      9   H    1    |  0.090954428556  0.024907775434  0.000527715491 -0.008086118909  0.012216146271  0.002188038643 -0.007617712288 -0.004206329005 -0.004246711318  0.010487046500 -0.006261866607 -0.018944109560  0.001573504204 -0.009607033210  0.018105707081 -0.003543602672  0.004164556456  0.001697055133  0.005986669240  0.000360581740  0.027979541361 -0.012816200181 -0.008957298568  0.008790712966  0.033509664228
     10   H    1    |  0.315384819711 -0.006315649787 -0.010468987867 -0.002277645788 -0.005593858246  0.000606554369 -0.013533977148 -0.011522870483  0.007373969397 -0.011065363828 -0.007968013030  0.017448993453 -0.005384899602 -0.006862849737  0.005200761059  0.013604862882  0.024889710435 -0.006991951508 -0.006626458497 -0.017198418339  0.029589263248 -0.013230928107 -0.008598436322  0.028255719708  0.004012163548
     11   H    1    |  0.326089354049  0.004752088078  0.004219675571 -0.012892057756 -0.010705019958 -0.000726444568 -0.003284978944  0.003341195094  0.015677034928  0.021415264647 -0.000681963703  0.010619561434 -0.009338282268 -0.002350513570 -0.000866476997 -0.007714671224 -0.033956886912  0.005033072024 -0.033546074016 -0.001194779316  0.001658351231 -0.014562643532  0.018132944523  0.001249203071  0.017870602272
     12   H    1    |  0.428869626749  0.001674778712  0.011828079066  0.000366843257 -0.003897514266 -0.001074170207 -0.003417124512  0.003247533028  0.004857239188  0.005063346990  0.000594382004  0.007140417661  0.013739123816  0.004480411653  0.004416256613 -0.009541175053 -0.004337241709 -0.019476552965  0.005069779818 -0.001456973226  0.008535326396  0.013775097861 -0.006572479823  0.008115840646 -0.024621876730


Net and overlap populations
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Net and overlap electron populations are computed with the script
``hi-net-overlap.py``. This example computes the net and overlap populations
using the :ref:`becke` scheme::

    toon@poony ~/hipart-example/alanine> hi-net-overlap.py gaussian.fchk becke
    BEGIN Loading Electronic structure
      Data read from: gaussian.fchk ()
      Restricted: True
      Orbitals present: True
      Spin density present: False
      Number of alpha electrons: 24
      Number of beta electrons: 24
      Number of electrons: 48
      Total charge: 0
      Number of atoms: 13
      Chemical formula: O2NC3H7
    END Loading Electronic structure
    BEGIN Net and overlap populations
      BEGIN Atomic grids
        Computing/Loading atomic grids (and distances):
         0% ........... 5% .......... 11% .......... 17% .......... 23% .......... 29% .......... 35% .......... 41% .........
        . 47% .......... 53% .......... 59% .......... 65% .......... 71% .......... 76% .......... 82% .......... 88% .........
        . 94% ......... 100%
      END Atomic grids
      BEGIN Molecular density on atomic grids
        Computing/Loading densities:
         0% ........... 76% ... 100%
      END Molecular density on atomic grids
      BEGIN Atomic charges
        Loading charges.
        Written gaussian.hipart/becke_charges.txt
      END Atomic charges
      BEGIN Atomic weights on other atoms' grids.
        BEGIN Defining atomic weight functions (each on their own atomic grid)
          Trying to load weight functions
        END Defining atomic weight functions (each on their own atomic grid)
        BEGIN Becke's Smooth Voronoi Partitioning
          Computing/Loading cell functions:
           0% ........... 0% .......... 1% .......... 2% .......... 3% .......... 4% .......... 5% .......... 6% .........
          . 7% .......... 8% .......... 9% .......... 10% .......... 11% .......... 12% .......... 13% .......... 14% .........
          . 15% .......... 16% .......... 17% .......... 18% .......... 19% .......... 20% .......... 21% .......... 22% .........
          . 23% .......... 24% .......... 25% .......... 26% .......... 27% .......... 28% .......... 29% .......... 30% .........
          . 31% .......... 32% .......... 33% .......... 34% .......... 35% .......... 36% .......... 37% .......... 38% .........
          . 39% .......... 40% .......... 41% .......... 42% .......... 43% .......... 44% .......... 45% .......... 46% .........
          . 47% .......... 48% .......... 49% .......... 50% .......... 51% .......... 52% .......... 53% .......... 54% .........
          . 55% .......... 56% .......... 57% .......... 58% .......... 59% .......... 60% .......... 61% .......... 62% .........
          . 63% .......... 64% .......... 65% .......... 66% .......... 67% .......... 68% .......... 69% .......... 70% .........
          . 71% .......... 71% .......... 72% .......... 73% .......... 74% .......... 75% .......... 76% .......... 77% .........
          . 78% .......... 79% .......... 80% .......... 81% .......... 82% .......... 83% .......... 84% .......... 85% .........
          . 86% .......... 87% .......... 88% .......... 89% .......... 90% .......... 91% .......... 92% .......... 93% .........
          . 94% .......... 95% .......... 96% .......... 97% .......... 98% .......... 99% .... 100%
        END Becke's Smooth Voronoi Partitioning
        Computing off-diagonal atom weights:
         0% ........... 5% .......... 11% .......... 17% .......... 23% .......... 29% .......... 35% .......... 41% .........
        . 47% .......... 53% .......... 59% .......... 65% .......... 71% .......... 76% .......... 82% .......... 88% .........
        . 94% ......... 100%
      END Atomic weights on other atoms' grids.
      Integrating over products of stockholder weights:
       0% ........... 10% .......... 21% .......... 32% .......... 43% .......... 54% .......... 65% .......... 76% .........
      . 87% .......... 98% . 100%
      Written gaussian.hipart/becke_net_overlap.txt
    END Net and overlap populations

The output, ``gaussian.hipart/becke_net_overlap.txt``, contains a symmetric
matrix with net and overlap populations. The atomic net populations are put on
the diagonal, while the overlap populations are off-diagonal elements. ::

    toon@poony ~/hipart-example/alanine> cat gaussian.hipart/becke_net_overlap.txt
    number of atoms: 13
          Net       |       0  O            1  O            2  N            3  C            4  C            5  C            6  H            7  H            8  H            9  H           10  H           11  H           12  H
    ----------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      0   O    8    |  7.760657682242  0.004242209550  0.000001240048  0.010327257936  0.001834326183  0.309650111420  0.003109667757  0.002858032885  0.000000000011  0.000000394254  0.000000000000  0.000000000000  0.118508248899
      1   O    8    |  0.004242209550  7.811157777014  0.005643292500  0.003006786245  0.000244595025  0.389855643654  0.000000000055  0.000000026510  0.000000000000  0.000654548302  0.000000000001  0.007559009497  0.003813753419
      2   N    7    |  0.000001240048  0.005643292500  6.901120381146  0.280042871987  0.010402128647  0.011471177554  0.003354277926  0.000000000000  0.000194072808  0.000681230346  0.122697913691  0.118827303804  0.000000000000
      3   C    6    |  0.010327257936  0.003006786245  0.280042871987  5.285573432105  0.257360791966  0.229060476396  0.102629643859  0.001278590028  0.002733387801  0.001496012821  0.002433145392  0.001410038502  0.000000000005
      4   C    6    |  0.001834326183  0.000244595025  0.010402128647  0.257360791966  5.719188449572  0.014583814747  0.003074753540  0.121224128595  0.122678163539  0.120107972870  0.001932061337  0.000120815421  0.000000002202
      5   C    6    |  0.309650111420  0.389855643654  0.011471177554  0.229060476396  0.014583814747  5.082712117170  0.001695019621  0.000533904745  0.000000000000  0.001214625061  0.000000000000  0.000494474224  0.003421510823
      6   H    1    |  0.003109667757  0.000000000055  0.003354277926  0.102629643859  0.003074753540  0.001695019621  0.690658404811  0.000010697813  0.000019103080  0.000000000000  0.000001525013  0.000000000000  0.000000000000
      7   H    1    |  0.002858032885  0.000000026510  0.000000000000  0.001278590028  0.121224128595  0.000533904745  0.000010697813  0.711605116204  0.000498869875  0.000332477157  0.000000000000  0.000000000000  0.000000000016
      8   H    1    |  0.000000000011  0.000000000000  0.000194072808  0.002733387801  0.122678163539  0.000000000000  0.000019103080  0.000498869875  0.726250143111  0.000417149043  0.000596297273  0.000000000023  0.000000000000
      9   H    1    |  0.000000394254  0.000654548302  0.000681230346  0.001496012821  0.120107972870  0.001214625061  0.000000000000  0.000332477157  0.000417149043  0.715608280305  0.000000711335  0.000064714409  0.000000000000
     10   H    1    |  0.000000000000  0.000000000001  0.122697913691  0.002433145392  0.001932061337  0.000000000000  0.000001525013  0.000000000000  0.000596297273  0.000000711335  0.638898285494  0.000432616253  0.000000000000
     11   H    1    |  0.000000000000  0.007559009497  0.118827303804  0.001410038502  0.000120815421  0.000494474224  0.000000000000  0.000000000000  0.000000000023  0.000064714409  0.000432616253  0.607611760446  0.000000000000
     12   H    1    |  0.118508248899  0.003813753419  0.000000000000  0.000000000005  0.000000002202  0.003421510823  0.000000000000  0.000000000016  0.000000000000  0.000000000000  0.000000000000  0.000000000000  0.550908894051


Bond orders, valences and free valences
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The computation of bond orders, valences and free valences is supported for both
SCF computations and correlated methods, either closed or open shell. We show
the computation on the alanine radical is it has non-zero free valences. This
time we use the :ref:`hirshfeld` partitioning method. ::

    toon@poony ~/hipart-example/alanine> cd ../alanine-radical
    toon@poony ~/hipart-example/alanine-radical> hi-bond-orders.py gaussian.fchk hirsh ../atoms/densities.txt
    BEGIN Loading Electronic structure
      Data read from: gaussian.fchk ()
      Restricted: False
      Orbitals present: True
      Spin density present: True
      Number of alpha electrons: 24
      Number of beta electrons: 23
      Number of electrons: 47
      Total charge: 0
      Number of atoms: 12
      Chemical formula: O2NC3H6
    END Loading Electronic structure
    BEGIN Bond orders and valences
      BEGIN Atomic charges
        BEGIN Atomic grids
          Computing/Loading atomic grids (and distances):
           0% ........... 6% .......... 13% .......... 20% .......... 27% .......... 34% .......... 41% .......... 48% .........
          . 55% .......... 62% .......... 69% .......... 76% .......... 83% .......... 90% .......... 97% .... 100%
        END Atomic grids
        BEGIN Molecular density on atomic grids
          Computing/Loading densities:
           0% ........... 83% .. 100%
        END Molecular density on atomic grids
        BEGIN Defining atomic weight functions (each on their own atomic grid)
          Trying to load weight functions
          Could not load all weight functions from workdir. Computing them...
          BEGIN Conventional Hirshfeld (with neutral pro-atoms)
          END Conventional Hirshfeld (with neutral pro-atoms)
          Writing results to workdir
        END Defining atomic weight functions (each on their own atomic grid)
        Computing charges:
         0% ........... 83% .. 100%
        Written gaussian.hipart/hirsh_charges.txt
      END Atomic charges
      BEGIN Atomic overlap matrices (in basis of contracted Gaussians)
        Computing matrices:
         0% ........... 83% .. 100%
        Written gaussian.hipart/hirsh_overlap_matrices.txt
      END Atomic overlap matrices (in basis of contracted Gaussians)
      Computing bond orders:
       0% ........... 12% .......... 25% .......... 38% .......... 51% .......... 64% .......... 76% .......... 89% ........ 100%
      Written gaussian.hipart/hirsh_bond_orders.txt
      Written gaussian.hipart/hirsh_valences.txt
      Written gaussian.hipart/hirsh_free_valences.txt
    END Bond orders and valences

There are three output files::

    toon@poony ~/hipart-example/alanine-radical> cat gaussian.hipart/hirsh_bond_orders.txt
    number of atoms: 12
       Bond order   |       0  O            1  O            2  N            3  C            4  C            5  C            6  H            7  H            8  H            9  H           10  H           11  H
    ----------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      0   O    8    |  0.000000000000  0.534631488015  0.060919358595  0.145663459036  0.036932587808  1.995808397598  0.019231451199  0.028485628653  0.003443182171  0.004963593822  0.006995364889  0.004537735097
      1   O    8    |  0.534631488015  0.000000000000  0.185672119473  0.147787798591  0.019526066492  1.756074283462  0.016029051946  0.004156837608  0.003507343856  0.001997818127  0.011856734820  0.021802632150
      2   N    7    |  0.060919358595  0.185672119473  0.000000000000  1.189610812775  0.118292945985  0.151005387974  0.100697272791  0.016204194751  0.014288383032  0.016771731003  1.047803312038  1.037093750023
      3   C    6    |  0.145663459036  0.147787798591  1.189610812775  0.000000000000  1.043720806760  0.978862943094  0.880786936070  0.089253931327  0.091608666005  0.089891027745  0.094871057580  0.092787948071
      4   C    6    |  0.036932587808  0.019526066492  0.118292945985  1.043720806760  0.000000000000  0.109940225834  0.090345507715  0.945522668753  0.962633286697  0.956084911932  0.011300539385  0.021182631040
      5   C    6    |  1.995808397598  1.756074283462  0.151005387974  0.978862943094  0.109940225834  0.000000000000  0.095903046680  0.017045952134  0.012837690915  0.013835547789  0.014080044170  0.014193869460
      6   H    1    |  0.019231451199  0.016029051946  0.100697272791  0.880786936070  0.090345507715  0.095903046680  0.000000000000  0.009856646732  0.011758520217  0.011788172938  0.014608166511  0.012451378912
      7   H    1    |  0.028485628653  0.004156837608  0.016204194751  0.089253931327  0.945522668753  0.017045952134  0.009856646732  0.000000000000  0.080447636827  0.080837681225  0.001457460059  0.002148019336
      8   H    1    |  0.003443182171  0.003507343856  0.014288383032  0.091608666005  0.962633286697  0.012837690915  0.011758520217  0.080447636827  0.000000000000  0.082064181450  0.003226333710  0.002247858928
      9   H    1    |  0.004963593822  0.001997818127  0.016771731003  0.089891027745  0.956084911932  0.013835547789  0.011788172938  0.080837681225  0.082064181450  0.000000000000  0.001392981918  0.008884055620
     10   H    1    |  0.006995364889  0.011856734820  1.047803312038  0.094871057580  0.011300539385  0.014080044170  0.014608166511  0.001457460059  0.003226333710  0.001392981918  0.000000000000  0.078776390871
     11   H    1    |  0.004537735097  0.021802632150  1.037093750023  0.092787948071  0.021182631040  0.014193869460  0.012451378912  0.002148019336  0.002247858928  0.008884055620  0.078776390871  0.000000000000
    toon@poony ~/hipart-example/alanine-radical> cat gaussian.hipart/hirsh_valences.txt
    number of atoms: 12
      i        Z    Valences
    --------------------------------
      0   O    8    2.929965288620
      1   O    8    3.014517554824
      2   N    7    3.950283201335
      3   C    6    4.845036817629
      4   C    6    4.315171579586
      5   C    6    5.163057369578
      6   H    1    1.263313618624
      7   H    1    1.275578396275
      8   H    1    1.268272597174
      9   H    1    1.268972818152
     10   H    1    1.286526859695
     11   H    1    1.296006218835
    --------------------------------
    toon@poony ~/hipart-example/alanine-radical> cat gaussian.hipart/hirsh_free_valences.txt
    number of atoms: 12
      i        Z  Free valences
    --------------------------------
      0   O    8    0.088353041738
      1   O    8    0.311475380286
      2   N    7    0.011923932894
      3   C    6    0.000191430575
      4   C    6   -0.000310598815
      5   C    6    0.003469980470
      6   H    1   -0.000142533086
      7   H    1    0.000161738869
      8   H    1    0.000209513365
      9   H    1    0.000461114583
     10   H    1    0.000158473743
     11   H    1   -0.000100050674
    --------------------------------


The bond orders are written as off-diagonal elements in the first output file.
The diagonal elements are always zero. The atomic valence and free valence are
written in the two following output files, respectively.

Spin charges
^^^^^^^^^^^^

The computation of spin charges only makes sense in the case of open shell
computations. The screen output must contain the line ``Spin density present:
True`` in the beginning. If not, the reported spin charges are always zero.

This example computes :ref:`hirshfeld` spin charges in the alanine radical::

    toon@poony ~/hipart-example/alanine-radical> hi-spin-charges.py gaussian.fchk hirsh ../atoms/densities.txt
    BEGIN Loading Electronic structure
      Data read from: gaussian.fchk ()
      Restricted: False
      Orbitals present: True
      Spin density present: True
      Number of alpha electrons: 24
      Number of beta electrons: 23
      Number of electrons: 47
      Total charge: 0
      Number of atoms: 12
      Chemical formula: O2NC3H6
    END Loading Electronic structure
    BEGIN Atomic spin charges
      BEGIN Atomic grids
        Computing/Loading atomic grids (and distances):
         0% ........... 6% .......... 13% .......... 20% .......... 27% .......... 34% .......... 41% .......... 48% .........
        . 55% .......... 62% .......... 69% .......... 76% .......... 83% .......... 90% .......... 97% .... 100%
      END Atomic grids
      BEGIN Molecular spin density on atomic grids
        Computing/Loading spin densities:
         0% ........... 83% .. 100%
      END Molecular spin density on atomic grids
      BEGIN Defining atomic weight functions (each on their own atomic grid)
        Trying to load weight functions
      END Defining atomic weight functions (each on their own atomic grid)
      Computing spin charges:
       0% ........... 83% .. 100%
      Written gaussian.hipart/hirsh_spin_charges.txt
    END Atomic spin charges

The output looks like::

    toon@poony ~/hipart-example/alanine-radical> cat gaussian.hipart/hirsh_spin_charges.txt
    number of atoms: 12
      i        Z  Spin charge
    --------------------------------
      0   O    8    0.296354798239
      1   O    8    0.571212878771
      2   N    7    0.107194498509
      3   C    6   -0.001845675962
      4   C    6    0.002960695340
      5   C    6    0.011314770995
      6   H    1   -0.000230137092
      7   H    1    0.002340260889
      8   H    1    0.000613031523
      9   H    1   -0.000033836171
     10   H    1    0.007597792743
     11   H    1    0.002837236327
    --------------------------------

The spin charge is not evenly distributed over the two oxygen atoms due to the
polarization by the rest of the molecule.


Atomic overlap matrices
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The atomic overlap matrices are used, amongst other things, for the computation
of the bond orders. If you are just interested in these matrices, use the
command ``hi-overlap-matrices.py`` or ``hi-overlap-matrices-orb.py`` to compute
them.

* ``hi-overlap-matrices.py`` computes the atomic overlap matrices in the
  (original) basis of the contracted Gaussians. The output is written to
  ``<name>.hipart/<scheme>_overlap_matrices.txt``

* ``hi-overlap-matrices-orb.py`` computes the atomic overlap matrices in the
  basis of the orbitals. For a restricted wavefunction there is only one output:
  ``<name>.hipart/<scheme>_alpha_overlap_matrices.txt``. In the unrestricted
  case there are two additional outputs:
  ``<name>.hipart/<scheme>_beta_overlap_matrices.txt`` and
  ``<name>.hipart/<scheme>_natural_overlap_matrices.txt``.


The :ref:`hirshfeld` atomic overlap matrices in the original basis of the alanine
radical are computed as follows. ::

    toon@poony ~/hipart-example/alanine-radical> hi-overlap-matrices.py gaussian.fchk hirsh ../atoms/densities.txt
    BEGIN Loading Electronic structure
      Data read from: gaussian.fchk ()
      Restricted: False
      Orbitals present: True
      Spin density present: True
      Number of alpha electrons: 24
      Number of beta electrons: 23
      Number of electrons: 47
      Total charge: 0
      Number of atoms: 12
      Chemical formula: O2NC3H6
    END Loading Electronic structure
    BEGIN Atomic overlap matrices (in basis of contracted Gaussians)
      BEGIN Atomic grids
        Computing/Loading atomic grids (and distances):
         0% ........... 6% .......... 13% .......... 20% .......... 27% .......... 34% .......... 41% .......... 48% .........
        . 55% .......... 62% .......... 69% .......... 76% .......... 83% .......... 90% .......... 97% .... 100%
      END Atomic grids
      BEGIN Defining atomic weight functions (each on their own atomic grid)
        Trying to load weight functions
      END Defining atomic weight functions (each on their own atomic grid)
      Computing matrices:
       0% ........... 83% .. 100%
      Written gaussian.hipart/hirsh_overlap_matrices.txt
    END Atomic overlap matrices (in basis of contracted Gaussians)

The output file ``gaussian.hipart/hirsh_overlap_matrices.txt`` is rather large.
Below we only show the overlap matrix for the first atom::

    toon@poony ~/hipart-example/alanine-radical> cat gaussian.hipart/hirsh_overlap_matrices.txt
    number of orbitals: 102
    number of atoms:  12
    Atom   0   O    8
     9.9778812931e-01  2.3103169663e-01 -1.0099846236e-03  1.4183348057e-03  7.6096094615e-07  1.6582482976e-01 -1.9601190240e-04  2.7537384597e-04  1.6979738547e-07  3.2978249648e-02  1.7813163656e-04 -3.1077414015e-07  3.2906157469e-02 -5.9992013037e-07  3.3052636046e-02  3.9862172347e-23  1.9045740371e-07 -6.0747055300e-08  8.5775712418e-07  1.2161463413e-07  2.2656583348e-03 -6.3340218194e-04  9.1236500470e-03  1.2963831723e-03  5.3813729614e-07 -6.6739795229e-06 -9.4802712895e-07  5.5213778400e-05  1.3507287852e-05  1.3766678414e-06  6.3640644356e-53  7.8532940352e-15 -3.9693738481e-14  3.5985349326e-14  8.9115815822e-16  1.2091189851e-05 -5.4115174806e-05  4.8968917437e-05  1.2189805771e-06  9.3845488446e-14 -1.4683226913e-13 -3.6353448139e-15  7.7202684214e-14  3.2960514142e-15  3.9144701219e-16  2.3021217387e-21  4.8516686061e-06 -1.8121307812e-05  8.6266080753e-06 -2.5767174000e-06  3.2861043633e-03 -1.1036114458e-02  5.2478266107e-03 -1.5701621760e-03  1.3485042388e-06 -1.1081521172e-06  3.3031268375e-07  3.1130059129e-07 -1.5747671127e-07  3.3472136914e-08  5.1639077551e-30  3.3163608059e-08 -1.6493617191e-07 -7.0067570839e-09  1.8196538964e-08  6.4381651244e-04 -2.8905273076e-03 -1.2437042509e-04  3.1902287159e-04  2.1362756490e-09  1.5437617332e-10 -4.0686040721e-10  9.6981677858e-12 -1.7007941153e-11  3.1988091073e-11  1.4438973705e-06  1.8581823556e-02 -2.2912884596e-02  3.2147457232e-02  2.8151471638e-06  4.7940284156e-02 -5.2442757810e-02  7.3578526137e-02  6.4055058315e-06  1.8400347231e-02 -4.3129424993e-02 -3.8102321225e-06  3.5589072843e-02  5.2903754604e-06  6.5256891105e-04  8.2092534768e-09  1.1450364746e-03  5.5918927931e-08  1.9154253868e-03  6.8755497500e-16  1.3693270154e-05  4.8593936907e-11  2.8489745354e-04  4.3802722749e-19  1.8839310577e-06  4.1763362304e-15  2.2694772066e-05
     2.3103169663e-01  9.5217655896e-01 -2.6787141353e-02  3.7697892259e-02  5.4607222230e-05  7.0630035028e-01 -2.8252532314e-02  3.9650532733e-02  9.4480635519e-05  4.9968434627e-01  2.7361362282e-02 -1.5325838663e-04  4.8838429913e-01 -2.4024245343e-04  5.1156701631e-01  3.3886678995e-10  6.4249232573e-05 -2.8609114426e-05  2.0183899622e-04  2.5395640011e-05  1.7181214007e-02 -5.8368557672e-03  5.9455518721e-02  8.0707987776e-03  1.4484810246e-04 -6.2088423326e-04 -8.4422715503e-05  2.9082982322e-03  6.2543749325e-04  1.5570732926e-04  1.4477353827e-24  5.6287206154e-11 -2.0598885493e-10  2.0146695972e-10  2.6223989732e-12  1.3759637316e-04 -5.4955702404e-04  5.0846917828e-04  1.1838262688e-05  5.3819103651e-10 -8.8921920880e-10 -1.1655482103e-11  5.1645121066e-10  1.0856341134e-11  1.6405718420e-11  7.8272107706e-11  2.0844798749e-04 -5.9860862090e-04  3.1968304214e-04 -7.9549765082e-05  2.0871852135e-02 -6.3091405294e-02  3.1548293556e-02 -8.7290747910e-03  1.8660702668e-04 -1.7258310282e-04  4.0442043706e-05  6.0952209104e-05 -2.2604025859e-05  9.7910062516e-06  3.4780838863e-15  7.4804432184e-06 -2.8175063857e-05  1.5496919186e-07  2.9302017346e-06  5.2644204859e-03 -2.1099545821e-02 -3.9020381954e-04  2.2824250971e-03  4.8072973209e-06 -1.0765966041e-07 -8.2267737896e-07  8.3403207903e-08  1.2838907846e-08  1.4965390857e-07  9.2407731429e-04  1.1388107693e-01 -1.1469023667e-01  1.6114079009e-01  5.2732966366e-05  2.3620854176e-01 -2.3918186101e-01  3.3569436286e-01  8.3893453180e-05  1.0737381388e-01 -1.9249317312e-01 -1.3916973367e-04  1.8438129214e-01  2.3870708395e-05  2.8488026674e-02  2.6609388432e-06  8.2270976021e-03  2.1794030159e-05  1.4619324098e-02  1.9429796838e-11  1.6319350562e-04  1.0074840790e-07  2.5192429721e-03  1.2644191850e-14  2.1242940175e-05  1.8991467207e-11  2.1204704219e-04
    -1.0099846236e-03 -2.6787141353e-02  9.5040426517e-01  1.5439116474e-02 -6.6373716089e-05 -3.7505712563e-02  4.4451383688e-01  1.7677963108e-02 -1.6191594510e-04 -5.3185084389e-02  4.8073586236e-02 -3.8293651002e-05 -2.2931629971e-02  9.1494355942e-05 -1.6442350805e-02  4.1063202734e-11 -5.5706510979e-06  2.5193173037e-05 -1.4660867435e-05 -2.5811922633e-06 -1.0404986558e-03  9.7092238714e-03 -2.5510540942e-03 -4.8379731111e-04 -1.0289970084e-04  6.3200561085e-04  8.2711105458e-05 -1.5136643035e-04 -4.6765434006e-05 -1.4178178148e-05  6.8705927393e-24  1.2887251956e-10 -4.4812740312e-10  4.5988503498e-10  5.1894419465e-12  1.2926648685e-04 -4.6044643175e-04  4.9263212009e-04  1.1131692145e-05  1.1489341012e-09 -1.9905506496e-09 -2.2569805863e-11  1.2105250259e-09  2.2146380899e-11  3.8471961759e-11  2.8866127209e-10  3.3449839020e-04 -9.0094907195e-04  5.2803062779e-04 -1.3018088408e-04  1.5380665050e-02 -3.7531793686e-02  2.4499234356e-02 -6.5969276828e-03  3.3016111208e-04 -3.2804095433e-04  7.6309359874e-05  1.2368551570e-04 -4.5744672365e-05  1.9379083013e-05  1.5979862498e-14  1.6233455798e-05 -5.9079874953e-05  5.2775212969e-07  6.3839698333e-06  5.3433704035e-03 -1.9362236521e-02 -2.4414926469e-04  2.3568435999e-03  1.2223203883e-05 -3.0837817280e-07 -2.1487861300e-06  2.2283042779e-07  3.7051244558e-08  4.0219602881e-07  1.0529974145e-03  6.5583138027e-02 -2.0530635240e-02  1.0697984017e-01 -3.2634606982e-05  4.7015517041e-02  7.0343574379e-02  7.7317771055e-02 -8.5873510362e-05  1.0163103029e-02 -7.6457363761e-02 -3.8983783952e-06  1.5758691663e-01 -5.7033429702e-05  1.8194897281e-02  4.7343761527e-06  5.9433980923e-03  4.5460371074e-05  1.2327262594e-02  5.9155966744e-11  2.0708529849e-04  2.3658397882e-07  2.4071807026e-03  3.3779604963e-14  2.0877514346e-05  4.0311146247e-11  1.6994583782e-04
     1.4183348057e-03  3.7697892259e-02  1.5439116474e-02  9.3942147240e-01 -1.0963796983e-04  5.2643099286e-02  1.7677963108e-02  4.3171991806e-01 -2.2940538315e-04  2.7755297954e-02 -3.9718748211e-02  9.1494355942e-05  7.9297983191e-02  3.4372119396e-04  2.3097325219e-02 -1.3289618348e-09 -1.3293865083e-04  6.1703479758e-05 -4.0003925991e-04 -5.3315497687e-05 -1.7202498535e-02  6.7068210062e-03 -5.2585511521e-02 -8.3832467220e-03 -2.7343332666e-04  1.1658914199e-03  1.6912678653e-04 -4.9103806923e-03 -1.1305957968e-03 -2.8833401181e-04 -6.1763820179e-24 -9.9345848271e-11  3.6221356098e-10 -3.3196653607e-10 -4.3662743172e-12 -1.0071166420e-04  4.1811386475e-04 -3.2061550428e-04 -8.9754619146e-06 -9.7797633154e-10  1.5146751596e-09  2.0126070032e-11 -8.2730119900e-10 -1.7347830066e-11 -3.1133509758e-11 -1.1636933752e-10 -1.1089229262e-04  3.3563265596e-04 -1.0687114172e-04  4.3161446312e-05 -4.7484173367e-03  1.5731909380e-02  1.9441684547e-03  2.0528061689e-03 -1.2997922675e-04  8.5795427200e-05 -2.7351583470e-05 -2.0021855186e-05  1.0894512630e-05 -6.4840233703e-06  4.4085943401e-16  2.5706878359e-06 -9.4620880686e-06  2.4271173556e-06  1.0195964879e-06  1.0856840836e-03 -4.1539335792e-03  2.2339852012e-03  4.7065186746e-04  1.7803333945e-06 -6.9262916993e-07 -3.1401064294e-07  4.3306233799e-08  7.0300562983e-08  5.7107327347e-08 -1.4743704655e-03 -9.1747491908e-02  1.0657341196e-01 -9.4288031754e-02 -1.1172502614e-04 -6.5774863579e-02  7.7107125344e-02  1.6882718524e-02 -1.5555690474e-04 -1.2423501489e-01  1.7316204566e-01  2.4667353567e-04 -1.1045865478e-01 -6.4307338570e-05 -2.5449516254e-02 -1.3516978416e-06 -1.4889977126e-03  2.3614707705e-05  7.4606117447e-03  7.9359375181e-12  3.9435131571e-05  2.9672247400e-08  4.4632785679e-04 -2.2713453640e-14 -1.3344923304e-05 -3.0556499551e-11 -1.2957279133e-04
     7.6096094615e-07  5.4607222230e-05 -6.6373716089e-05 -1.0963796983e-04  9.6185947006e-01  1.2051227220e-04 -1.6191594510e-04 -2.2940538315e-04  4.5841606653e-01 -2.2108849714e-05  9.1494355942e-05 -2.8478986990e-02  1.9844752386e-04  4.0005740797e-02  9.8290360950e-05 -2.2196065179e-10 -2.2217452767e-05  9.4617384202e-06 -7.0491617248e-05  1.7252233032e-05 -2.9375494832e-03  9.7351340992e-04 -1.0426575333e-02  8.6575484975e-03 -4.3807902221e-05  1.8921575608e-04 -6.0317745825e-05 -9.2833340939e-04  4.6393420173e-04  5.0591326023e-05 -1.2033780880e-24 -5.2065417248e-12  1.8233845355e-11 -1.8368002032e-11  2.5850738985e-11 -3.6961558049e-06  1.4726605590e-05 -1.3906986034e-05  7.0658819119e-05 -4.7903311446e-11  8.1452968135e-11 -1.1527774992e-10 -4.8564338480e-11  1.1059580930e-10  5.3421415553e-13  4.9088488985e-11  5.5307410576e-05 -1.6100760614e-04  8.5192929413e-05  6.1730834345e-05  2.5974562771e-03 -7.9954527997e-03  3.9651762847e-03  9.5667092746e-03  6.1525466730e-05 -5.6374699489e-05 -2.7769490046e-05  1.9760225363e-05  1.5293492012e-05 -2.9796831780e-06 -1.9847357596e-15 -2.0358208269e-06  7.6887502600e-06 -2.6597754683e-08  2.0792569984e-06 -6.6578162114e-04  2.7043857428e-03  5.4109236464e-05  2.3251307237e-03 -1.6434333444e-06  3.0153975946e-08 -5.2110037524e-07 -2.8333693628e-08  7.2467997327e-09  4.2984529924e-08  1.5418140592e-06  4.2268793052e-05 -1.0210242418e-04 -1.4309389845e-05  5.5930858232e-02  8.2082443517e-05 -1.8372929972e-04 -1.8288574711e-05  1.2612880815e-01  1.1689171495e-04 -5.9671444725e-05 -6.8365190390e-02 -4.1974704034e-05  9.6053605853e-02  5.3414997623e-05  3.4197450573e-06  4.3478749207e-03 -9.2459081197e-07 -2.6371012662e-04  1.9542628754e-14 -1.0294550839e-07 -1.2998866239e-07 -1.3180994506e-03  5.3613990982e-15  3.3548811211e-06 -2.0217111981e-11 -8.1323910888e-05
     1.6582482976e-01  7.0630035028e-01 -3.7505712563e-02  5.2643099286e-02  1.2051227220e-04  8.2859746996e-01 -1.1867344251e-01  1.5798805765e-01  9.1649498578e-04  5.9232725811e-01  5.3576904198e-02 -6.6917436133e-04  5.6969740815e-01 -9.0270275278e-04  6.1780780308e-01  2.0646807234e-07  5.1401860125e-04 -2.8214326186e-04  1.2273135634e-03  1.2999328071e-04  2.9176697632e-02 -1.6784335654e-02  8.8382626209e-02  1.0215984631e-02  1.2571360442e-03 -3.3813997530e-03 -4.3278530808e-04  9.2126562251e-03  1.4891784973e-03  1.0783607659e-03  2.1645042552e-15  1.9333437277e-08 -5.2371743198e-08  4.5460641914e-08 -1.9165765266e-09  2.9336538575e-04 -1.0454516556e-03  1.0281916380e-03  1.5287600283e-05  1.3616304255e-07 -1.9366650129e-07  7.3686334729e-09  1.0645349841e-07 -7.3863488718e-09  1.2226239560e-08  1.6701067313e-07  9.1374767546e-04 -2.0290491077e-03  1.3187351925e-03 -2.1857518931e-04  3.2897001999e-02 -8.9037196960e-02  5.1433229251e-02 -1.0761385003e-02  1.1203983884e-03 -1.1779812086e-03  1.7899297248e-04  5.4889626923e-04 -1.2895119125e-04  1.3912207278e-04  3.2933298380e-10  1.2096798092e-04 -3.6734193882e-04  2.3072770407e-05  2.9350149824e-05  1.2255506581e-02 -4.3225232807e-02  2.5218247223e-03  4.0904858815e-03  1.6469288688e-04 -1.3904984945e-05 -2.0497288114e-05  6.7239115712e-06  1.6807619009e-06  9.6933211820e-06  2.7393507392e-03  1.3020061703e-01 -1.1606540977e-01  1.6412766905e-01  3.3040483036e-04  3.0166210657e-01 -3.0090647313e-01  4.1888385142e-01  7.9969368078e-04  1.1716906748e-01 -1.5323801612e-01 -1.0235120908e-03  1.7937323381e-01 -3.0995457112e-04  5.6799127274e-02  5.6004450940e-05  1.6078277445e-02  4.7028316683e-04  3.5906818321e-02  3.7206653175e-09  5.5204849950e-04  7.0529708262e-06  6.8545056256e-03  1.4247072240e-11  4.9267667638e-05  7.3168113554e-09  4.4582050462e-04
    -1.9601190240e-04 -2.8252532314e-02  4.4451383688e-01  1.7677963108e-02 -1.6191594510e-04 -1.1867344251e-01  7.2299416648e-01  4.5012797271e-02 -1.7229626995e-03 -1.1657988453e-01  9.6295220390e-02 -7.3723326531e-05 -4.3505438021e-02  4.9763640467e-04 -3.6869985541e-02  3.4037988242e-08 -7.8457898445e-05  2.7881771827e-04 -1.8342374830e-04 -3.0841836979e-05 -8.4178293969e-03  2.6833997552e-02 -2.1253408034e-02 -3.3168278631e-03 -1.0352389027e-03  3.4919533749e-03  4.0061571253e-04 -1.6245303119e-03 -4.1430585733e-04 -2.1465660526e-04  1.0554851189e-14  5.2287747240e-08 -1.3643967211e-07  1.2330773632e-07 -6.0832555185e-09  3.4040743442e-04 -1.0253293185e-03  1.2325465760e-03  9.9442425706e-06  3.4680092151e-07 -5.1071566010e-07  2.3532912106e-08  2.9332867787e-07 -2.2798163140e-08  3.3152679883e-08  5.7325833520e-07  1.7689876797e-03 -3.5636479990e-03  2.5926912237e-03 -4.4214394376e-04  2.9922338601e-02 -6.0976355675e-02  5.1266365378e-02 -1.0212422212e-02  2.2535659748e-03 -2.5530912917e-03  4.0718832747e-04  1.2824532298e-03 -3.1257491972e-04  3.2634194144e-04  1.5288371747e-09  3.0357080073e-04 -8.8827989521e-04  5.5184876558e-05  7.4893439139e-05  1.6337454207e-02 -5.1266372583e-02  4.1538725226e-03  5.5205126402e-03  4.5167743974e-04 -3.6429539798e-05 -5.8837347421e-05  1.9414301145e-05  4.7773770821e-06  2.8389072842e-05  2.9033758901e-03  6.7486578773e-02  1.5913449432e-03  1.0480342503e-01 -4.1013699398e-04  4.4751814185e-02  1.7304253930e-01  1.0224532906e-01 -1.7410784838e-03  3.5623014706e-03 -2.3810888829e-02 -2.2150504924e-04  1.3841130382e-01 -6.2751238572e-04  3.7361884855e-02  1.1711444451e-04  1.4509148412e-02  1.0802298753e-03  4.0541721291e-02  1.2509248779e-08  9.2246648907e-04  1.8386350424e-05  8.6681160311e-03  4.2749234989e-11  6.1807238611e-05  1.9511494665e-08  4.4629050384e-04
     2.7537384597e-04  3.9650532733e-02  1.7677963108e-02  4.3171991806e-01 -2.2940538315e-04  1.5798805765e-01  4.5012797271e-02  6.8534784524e-01 -2.0007349534e-03  5.5596071414e-02 -7.5353629058e-02  4.9763640467e-04  1.6601990520e-01  1.3253898884e-03  5.1273700680e-02 -7.0109440551e-07 -1.1553771136e-03  6.3741601960e-04 -2.5930146617e-03 -3.1085042020e-04 -3.2895195900e-02  2.3169504211e-02 -8.4246427510e-02 -1.2358287982e-02 -2.6496017626e-03  6.6659270217e-03  9.5761220184e-04 -1.6273667464e-02 -2.9499200485e-03 -2.2673510750e-03 -8.2175802518e-15 -4.9054717864e-08  1.3324126102e-07 -1.0505513316e-07  4.9467731054e-09 -2.1492452573e-04  8.0539708107e-04 -5.9320397562e-04 -1.2835093056e-05 -3.5375454774e-07  4.6046991848e-07 -1.9065314848e-08 -2.3071881627e-07  1.8553638819e-08 -3.2473115616e-08 -2.7104452582e-07 -4.5725061305e-04  1.0557101527e-03 -2.9372448758e-04  1.0308615363e-04 -2.6682880519e-03  1.1705750944e-02  1.4623434818e-02  8.8980787769e-04 -8.3365183526e-04  5.2677503894e-04 -1.2230653100e-04 -1.5205062065e-04  5.7282923051e-05 -1.0753315460e-04  1.8960400257e-10  5.5423661959e-05 -1.7101055847e-04  5.5936085815e-05  1.6025868927e-05  6.2759742177e-03 -2.1343289957e-02  8.6454006914e-03  2.1810747742e-03  6.6956170971e-05 -3.7363203401e-05 -1.0123385356e-05  4.2099050340e-06  3.0213838990e-06  3.8543668685e-06 -4.0628957739e-03 -9.3464262728e-02  1.0299084513e-01 -7.1051181192e-02 -9.1728683118e-04 -6.6955747622e-02  1.0689160567e-01  9.3110551212e-02 -2.2236385578e-03 -1.2081096085e-01  1.0479353262e-01  1.8347169175e-03 -7.5284216481e-02  3.2237817246e-04 -5.1879899407e-02 -3.2041864537e-05 -3.9616644888e-04  6.2725498270e-04  3.4149128633e-02  1.4297487008e-09  3.1284750300e-04  2.1153569121e-06  3.2336612960e-03 -3.7184639126e-11 -2.9926611678e-05 -1.6867026454e-08 -2.6273207591e-04
     1.6979738547e-07  9.4480635519e-05 -1.6191594510e-04 -2.2940538315e-04  4.5841606653e-01  9.1649498578e-04 -1.7229626995e-03 -2.0007349534e-03  7.7882440979e-01 -4.2564182418e-05  4.9763640467e-04 -6.3860688231e-02  7.6521420885e-04  8.8808654670e-02  3.3090117654e-04 -1.0689473136e-07 -1.9984318821e-04  9.8635594720e-05 -4.9588320593e-04  2.3455414863e-04 -7.0281396458e-03  3.6736504001e-03 -2.2130080085e-02  2.4094118754e-02 -4.4005119097e-04  1.1571556196e-03 -6.5160001625e-04 -3.5742273432e-03  2.9564144497e-03  4.0908778323e-05 -2.8264999603e-16 -4.0103417927e-09  9.9641192893e-09 -9.3464750160e-09  1.2234826904e-08 -1.7008327572e-05  5.2816960480e-05 -6.1246189375e-05  2.6434121221e-04 -2.4359458675e-08  3.8093110498e-08 -5.3170447331e-08 -2.1710488746e-08  4.3885662530e-08 -3.0703942739e-09  8.9685273293e-08  3.2757894877e-04 -7.4647619666e-04  4.6644827132e-04  4.4938068158e-04  6.6773055048e-03 -1.8496543650e-02  1.0456664754e-02  2.5861452701e-02  4.7832693245e-04 -4.8034972433e-04 -3.6858632230e-04  2.1834388427e-04  2.3035461634e-04 -1.7038207157e-06 -1.0387249304e-10 -4.5636354761e-05  1.3982368508e-04 -6.1251291077e-06  5.3919378132e-05 -2.6659417363e-03  9.4703964010e-03 -4.6221226538e-04  9.4751739411e-03 -7.0756551706e-05  3.9333910786e-06 -3.5008298177e-05 -2.8016525027e-06  1.3734114071e-06  2.0627026902e-08  1.3205668201e-05  2.9786613669e-04 -8.5624565118e-04 -2.9160611337e-04  7.9043871540e-02  9.6008961968e-04 -2.8173983704e-03 -7.1297442094e-04  2.6397602927e-01  6.8542987578e-04 -1.6420606095e-04 -7.4025088467e-02 -1.9861352154e-04  1.0479387794e-01  3.5189246191e-04  9.5911436913e-05  1.4377518732e-02 -1.7631503491e-05 -1.0211330607e-03  2.0082018608e-10 -1.8283582254e-06 -1.1810687624e-05 -6.2217404471e-03  6.4082314104e-12  1.3442760643e-05 -1.0820174658e-08 -3.0918716803e-04
     3.2978249648e-02  4.9968434627e-01 -5.3185084389e-02  2.7755297954e-02 -2.2108849714e-05  5.9232725811e-01 -1.1657988453e-01  5.5596071414e-02 -4.2564182418e-05  8.5517957055e-01  5.6307075593e-02 -5.0583925465e-04  2.7757500639e-01 -1.8037973697e-04  2.9364888136e-01  1.8150812922e-10  4.3662343398e-05 -3.1600230827e-05  1.2825877701e-04  1.5559569653e-05  1.4081952122e-02 -8.1336078836e-03  4.8053749760e-02  6.3802880290e-03  2.9907244754e-04 -6.5634321212e-04 -9.3966169181e-05  1.7858146567e-03  3.6657385038e-04  1.1192760492e-04  8.2680548963e-21  1.3736125129e-09 -4.2587521662e-09  4.5327861947e-09  1.8349205784e-11  2.5922123897e-04 -8.7509349102e-04  9.8240319766e-04  2.0171905376e-05  1.0725985292e-08 -1.9125245301e-08 -8.7589605608e-11  1.2149436741e-08  7.3052562157e-11  4.9752645834e-10  8.7683324365e-09  1.0092817666e-03 -2.4000917993e-03  1.5967775386e-03 -3.6219640022e-04  2.9933473015e-02 -7.4454111122e-02  4.8178541185e-02 -1.2306071316e-02  1.1620208974e-03 -1.2769964921e-03  2.7415997353e-04  5.4479904341e-04 -1.8501119375e-04  9.2012981216e-05  1.4079718247e-12  8.7558894416e-05 -2.9321506123e-04  7.5118151320e-06  3.1695621536e-05  1.1469678956e-02 -3.9488465109e-02  4.0250694669e-04  4.8322517297e-03  9.1634567218e-05 -3.9237184915e-06 -1.5780050199e-05  2.1552278674e-06  4.7376038085e-07  3.6450849141e-06  2.0606649096e-03  1.0107603870e-01 -4.9962128726e-02  1.5654411287e-01 -9.6474246782e-05  2.1493322809e-01 -1.8357165692e-01  3.1558949785e-01 -7.9021046022e-05  4.2246300853e-02 -7.6745472199e-02 -1.4940290477e-04  2.0032824352e-01 -2.7028402943e-04  3.0670173408e-02  2.2474244570e-05  1.2142453787e-02  2.5363278841e-04  2.6770082319e-02  7.7216709517e-10  5.2356523229e-04  1.8932066324e-06  5.2894851026e-03  5.3145774637e-13  4.3944740436e-05  4.0360189666e-10  3.4288466114e-04
     1.7813163656e-04  2.7361362282e-02  4.8073586236e-02 -3.9718748211e-02  9.1494355942e-05  5.3576904198e-02  9.6295220390e-02 -7.5353629058e-02  4.9763640467e-04  5.6307075593e-02  8.3272501918e-01 -3.1242686909e-04  5.5450785371e-02 -4.7579669336e-04  1.9084881306e-02 -1.9662863779e-09  5.7099213777e-05 -1.9003047320e-04  1.4856449648e-04  2.5695013642e-05  6.8960512849e-03 -2.0129769569e-02  1.8548340450e-02  3.2542987492e-03  7.0895734638e-04 -3.3106601440e-03 -4.5559523961e-04  1.5248642810e-03  4.3602491000e-04  1.3856453733e-04 -1.3683390000e-20 -1.7744536197e-09  5.7101052197e-09 -5.4361449339e-09 -2.9486064153e-11 -1.4789607651e-04  5.1560176092e-04 -4.5629696520e-04 -1.1610201047e-05 -1.5140656937e-08  2.4177507119e-08  1.3536955045e-10 -1.3820876642e-08 -1.2059388473e-10 -6.8200701894e-10 -6.1529788055e-09 -4.0725903326e-04  1.0699614738e-03 -3.5255605533e-04  1.4352666644e-04 -6.4002123994e-04  1.2561882175e-03  1.0126455974e-02  3.1564917469e-04 -6.5381392373e-04  4.6407492647e-04 -1.3927682943e-04 -1.1788974654e-04  6.1003602469e-05 -4.5600571059e-05  9.4730795656e-14  2.4962281036e-05 -8.5384845819e-05  2.2097309966e-05  9.3667092250e-06  4.0034540287e-03 -1.3687819681e-02  4.8221564113e-03  1.6935133977e-03  2.3074473383e-05 -9.7286590159e-06 -4.0548327708e-06  7.7503960986e-07  9.8232218232e-07  8.7672256618e-07 -4.3376071582e-03 -5.7870865170e-02  1.4193399075e-02 -7.1514405415e-02  7.9326409512e-05  2.1586072439e-02 -5.9698831937e-02  4.7442264245e-02  3.3603799661e-04 -2.0267799643e-03  6.2183809703e-02 -4.3185039221e-05 -1.0280162500e-01  1.2805696330e-04 -3.1143127142e-02 -8.9384251608e-06  2.1475645837e-04  2.1782760659e-04  1.7092728680e-02  1.6970731242e-10  1.8698903282e-04  4.0471534297e-07  1.7237064121e-03 -6.2676871499e-13 -1.9876296098e-05 -4.9779470864e-10 -1.3883772624e-04
    -3.1077414015e-07 -1.5325838663e-04 -3.8293651002e-05  9.1494355942e-05 -2.8478986990e-02 -6.6917436133e-04 -7.3723326531e-05  4.9763640467e-04 -6.3860688231e-02 -5.0583925465e-04 -3.1242686909e-04  8.8094664407e-01 -2.7470134899e-04  3.3055984079e-02 -4.7048674649e-04 -3.7372941370e-10  6.5248612204e-06 -3.1085811551e-05  1.7417832953e-05 -6.3783810645e-06  6.0089537876e-04 -3.5367853621e-03  1.6762900552e-03 -2.0935277252e-03  1.0548320420e-04 -5.8920166942e-04  2.0681659591e-04  1.8173083715e-04 -1.3821157359e-04 -2.0023824555e-05 -3.2564661580e-21 -1.0695445911e-10  3.3398970960e-10 -3.5112555962e-10  4.4903223825e-10 -9.2302229935e-06  3.0858716871e-05 -3.4647415685e-05  1.5086485042e-04 -8.5643726924e-10  1.4956045267e-09 -1.9631927201e-09 -9.4434965461e-10  1.9451629353e-09 -2.1051503703e-11  2.7863449944e-09  2.5234784060e-04 -6.4152510308e-04  3.9162655420e-04  2.9668530865e-04  3.6395498510e-03 -8.5033952158e-03  5.9272458458e-03  1.3845717341e-02  3.4683242866e-04 -3.5271565968e-04 -1.8951851542e-04  1.4024489293e-04  1.1643081064e-04 -1.7498839037e-05 -2.6905474918e-13 -1.8337119952e-05  6.3436006647e-05 -1.1252962209e-06  1.9171095920e-05 -1.5431475540e-03  5.3918407377e-03 -2.3982837529e-05  5.3204719035e-03 -2.1157991158e-05  7.0303201214e-07 -7.6528268940e-06 -4.6802990018e-07  1.7265175867e-07  5.1522523102e-07  7.7050857234e-06 -1.9250943672e-04  5.2794648931e-05 -2.6033581669e-04  5.4009182174e-02 -5.3981846461e-04  4.1459485589e-04 -5.1117534965e-04  3.7684007086e-02 -1.3603904511e-04 -5.9972686463e-05 -2.9393502151e-02 -2.9440974042e-04  1.1639113608e-01 -1.0135328055e-04  2.5790424560e-05  6.4735243155e-03 -8.0098406413e-06 -5.3074273760e-04  3.1789279022e-12 -1.5362604132e-06 -1.7507422539e-06 -2.9469607421e-03  1.3057392590e-13  7.4825069543e-06 -3.3127048816e-10 -1.4517185241e-04
     3.2906157469e-02  4.8838429913e-01 -2.2931629971e-02  7.9297983191e-02  1.9844752386e-04  5.6969740815e-01 -4.3505438021e-02  1.6601990520e-01  7.6521420885e-04  2.7757500639e-01  5.5450785371e-02 -2.7470134899e-04  8.0832168381e-01 -9.5135011070e-04  2.8573752237e-01  3.3958591291e-08  5.6923535379e-04 -2.8855800775e-04  1.5324439159e-03  2.1151679933e-04  3.0045045755e-02 -1.4456127223e-02  8.5803870224e-02  1.3933708080e-02  1.1111072954e-03 -4.0706846152e-03 -6.2529790035e-04  1.3423919900e-02  3.1482570875e-03  1.0534874238e-03  7.7125907587e-21  9.1978566063e-10 -3.0988820652e-09  2.6400892587e-09  1.9654196537e-11  1.7599426444e-04 -7.1688941757e-04  5.5861879032e-04  1.5322244619e-05  8.6042347866e-09 -1.2308593277e-08 -9.3250574963e-11  6.3328304256e-09  7.4174735007e-11  3.6591030626e-10  1.5766193809e-09  2.1016375730e-04 -5.9779890091e-04  2.2394022265e-04 -7.2834784374e-05  1.7276237702e-02 -5.2732588538e-02  2.3953593579e-02 -7.0124246731e-03  2.5857582432e-04 -1.6227398186e-04  4.9977979120e-05  4.4226701857e-05 -1.9806878813e-05  1.5684455903e-05  3.9367230346e-14  9.0876743774e-06 -3.2557225976e-05  4.8911401372e-06  3.3222000524e-06  5.0434869744e-03 -1.9858934587e-02  1.6564036239e-03  2.1277561505e-03  6.5499201406e-06 -1.7890426908e-06 -1.0966457260e-06  3.7212536883e-07  1.9076410922e-07  2.2765176837e-07  3.7762028408e-03  1.2319935694e-01 -1.4555446344e-01  1.1977194991e-01  4.3285209511e-04  2.0524403232e-01 -2.2089983852e-01  2.5185032546e-01  6.5205018599e-04  1.6841798103e-01 -1.7740094349e-01 -8.8530424690e-04  1.1372738484e-01  9.2092924923e-05  4.2774208240e-02  3.8091353150e-06  6.9630740875e-03  8.9328292277e-05  1.9545055124e-02  4.1562090345e-11  1.6853259045e-04  1.4913411880e-07  2.4229577088e-03  2.9171993934e-13  2.4853570834e-05  2.5484954293e-10  2.4107473401e-04
    -5.9992013037e-07 -2.4024245343e-04  9.1494355942e-05  3.4372119396e-04  4.0005740797e-02 -9.0270275278e-04  4.9763640467e-04  1.3253898884e-03  8.8808654670e-02 -1.8037973697e-04 -4.7579669336e-04  3.3055984079e-02 -9.5135011070e-04  8.5721256711e-01 -6.3560899612e-04  9.4750438175e-09  1.5486851649e-04 -7.1749171966e-05  4.4254139199e-04 -1.3450610526e-04  5.5322032562e-03 -2.4078080670e-03  1.6372805272e-02 -1.7310190628e-02  2.8111742074e-04 -1.0514083852e-03  4.1112483896e-04  4.0637427299e-03 -2.4510348671e-03 -2.3731903821e-04  3.3342823020e-21  8.1513662067e-11 -2.6476268746e-10  2.4843186931e-10 -3.7118851472e-10  5.2133957329e-06 -2.0244211184e-05  1.6649225816e-05 -1.1133466927e-04  7.1499651299e-10 -1.1225186522e-09  1.7055458509e-09  6.3155729576e-10 -1.5147252084e-09  9.8482606534e-12 -1.0311604214e-09 -7.8394005979e-05  2.2534602311e-04 -6.7833838327e-05 -9.1878688895e-05 -8.9536830092e-04  3.0707167353e-03  9.8660563148e-04 -3.1782975820e-03 -1.3479787438e-04  8.6962828639e-05  6.8262569977e-05 -2.0610530463e-05 -2.6545339469e-05  5.3382849357e-06 -2.2307611974e-14 -2.9978616085e-06  1.0662862439e-05 -2.8546025680e-06  3.2984227070e-06 -4.0569430861e-04  1.5272783922e-03 -6.5162787510e-04  1.4468770902e-03 -3.0508326176e-06  1.2905373507e-06 -1.1039120621e-06 -8.4580730580e-08  2.5086453281e-07  9.0896834265e-08 -1.4281887655e-05 -3.9508380819e-04  6.4701478819e-04 -6.8649315437e-05 -7.5449285775e-02 -8.1654874490e-04  1.2433794284e-03 -1.9576744972e-04 -5.2980533146e-02 -7.3869111281e-04  2.5482546480e-04  1.1564470074e-01 -1.9637015279e-05 -1.0961078525e-01 -4.0843912135e-04 -7.2070829385e-06 -1.1322608778e-03 -4.1118136965e-06 -3.2567676397e-04  2.2232358295e-12  4.1431208881e-07 -2.2022739851e-07 -7.4645426098e-04 -9.8691482206e-14 -4.6435525851e-06  2.5829731118e-10  1.0113441405e-04
     3.3052636046e-02  5.1156701631e-01 -1.6442350805e-02  2.3097325219e-02  9.8290360950e-05  6.1780780308e-01 -3.6869985541e-02  5.1273700680e-02  3.3090117654e-04  2.9364888136e-01  1.9084881306e-02 -4.7048674649e-04  2.8573752237e-01 -6.3560899612e-04  9.0653652654e-01  1.0311425389e-09  6.4793729187e-05 -2.9616206340e-05  1.9216138901e-04 -1.3719203514e-05  1.5936271346e-02 -5.9835149820e-03  5.4359991765e-02  3.0101596271e-03  1.5273009254e-04 -5.8585683285e-04  2.2334931871e-05  2.4796335676e-03 -1.9764171780e-04  2.4217192824e-04  5.5495642768e-22  1.1858488791e-10 -4.0479108668e-10  3.8753599722e-10 -1.7501560192e-11  1.3287033808e-04 -5.2247559013e-04  4.8735731562e-04  5.3665005918e-06  1.0551928804e-09 -1.6973806297e-09  7.4838508930e-11  9.7203816028e-10 -8.0015649030e-11  1.1109178819e-10  4.0505872048e-10  2.0198165158e-04 -5.5464371394e-04  3.0553162019e-04  4.3436722281e-06  2.0711959486e-02 -6.1931374214e-02  3.1623302027e-02 -5.2126481797e-03  1.8646258212e-04 -1.7582447721e-04 -1.6322506852e-05  6.5221929518e-05  8.7376772730e-06  1.7216982944e-05  3.9252743175e-14  9.8513136344e-06 -3.5430393120e-05  6.3540794892e-07 -3.2703163097e-07  5.5391032585e-03 -2.1851003671e-02 -1.4862989094e-04  1.4164109464e-03  7.4559237140e-06 -2.6589914214e-07  4.9675552983e-07  1.5177513905e-07  8.7263417731e-09  3.5836937082e-07  2.7002165771e-04  7.7873521330e-02 -7.5318073247e-02  1.0586168949e-01  1.3115466915e-04  2.2628883817e-01 -2.3050153168e-01  3.2333598865e-01  2.4637296794e-04  6.1294113893e-02 -1.0599356149e-01 -3.6684223880e-04  1.0375475915e-01 -3.6004406008e-05  5.3998938412e-02  1.3987011285e-05  1.1255922216e-02  2.5429149037e-05  1.5392291824e-02  3.7294509127e-11  1.7857370933e-04  7.2296273549e-07  3.6479835993e-03  4.8011324506e-14  2.2504132319e-05  1.3387997831e-10  2.5727824457e-04
     3.9862172347e-23  3.3886678995e-10  4.1063202734e-11 -1.3289618348e-09 -2.2196065179e-10  2.0646807234e-07  3.4037988242e-08 -7.0109440551e-07 -1.0689473136e-07  1.8150812922e-10 -1.9662863779e-09 -3.7372941370e-10  3.3958591291e-08  9.4750438175e-09  1.0311425389e-09  6.0894990278e-07  7.5223565877e-06 -3.9874216016e-07  5.4424844527e-06 -2.5231771572e-06  4.5612543938e-06 -2.3682462038e-07  2.2130081470e-06 -2.0119818900e-07  1.4104435002e-06 -8.4153302039e-07 -7.0476210634e-07  3.9621552100e-06  2.7695598603e-07  3.9184638049e-06  5.3255571935e-32  2.7466027151e-12 -1.2432200314e-11  3.2706465166e-12 -9.3993364050e-13  3.5094237034e-08 -1.4434254991e-07  3.1025174510e-08 -1.4436801169e-08  4.4648990664e-11 -2.0316196862e-11  5.8268522800e-12  3.2915071297e-12 -1.6376990528e-12  3.3942562553e-13  4.6453262540e-23  1.1894298080e-09 -3.7705307608e-09 -1.5828873907e-09 -1.1729819346e-09  1.5954696584e-07 -4.9273086342e-07 -1.9233456461e-07 -1.4514887546e-07  8.2178180928e-10  6.0833910658e-10  4.5439091566e-10  1.5175000625e-10  1.9455053887e-10  8.5188094801e-11  1.1274258387e-44  1.2320907074e-14 -5.4964554597e-14 -4.2289932765e-14  1.8582910628e-15  3.6090172746e-09 -1.5088086726e-08 -1.0740078273e-08  1.4338328453e-10  9.0340145697e-17  1.2142689684e-16 -5.3723448192e-18  5.4556442876e-17 -4.2436588096e-18  1.8349009069e-19  9.4571091667e-10  1.1290886968e-06 -1.1257045801e-06 -1.5759437072e-06 -5.4851171280e-07  1.8263496872e-06 -1.6549902641e-06 -2.2972940463e-06 -8.1867977435e-07  1.1040343249e-06  2.1521731960e-06  7.8151335839e-07  1.9168861406e-06  1.1067123567e-06  3.0333810401e-07  4.9166061162e-13  3.4133369582e-08  1.8694844767e-18  1.3573372181e-09  1.9365570338e-22  9.0323786167e-11  3.9299077545e-17  2.9605831192e-09  2.0090208290e-16  3.7110452884e-09  7.3414421011e-13  4.1722689967e-08
     1.9045740371e-07  6.4249232573e-05 -5.5706510979e-06 -1.3293865083e-04 -2.2217452767e-05  5.1401860125e-04 -7.8457898445e-05 -1.1553771136e-03 -1.9984318821e-04  4.3662343398e-05  5.7099213777e-05  6.5248612204e-06  5.6923535379e-04  1.5486851649e-04  6.4793729187e-05  7.5223565877e-06  6.7909978513e-04 -1.6880768535e-04  9.3948226715e-04  1.0537147393e-04  1.2797687439e-03 -4.4490257857e-04  1.7505535450e-03  1.7703888272e-04  5.3196337996e-04 -6.1015143327e-04 -8.5186892886e-05  1.9117408333e-03  2.5148427951e-04  5.0120877035e-04  2.0956773900e-17  6.6490630761e-09 -2.2954778310e-08  8.3168229180e-09 -1.1395928829e-09  9.8750268504e-06 -3.7987604253e-05  1.5006629885e-05 -2.4673113418e-06  7.4934408927e-08 -4.5215113710e-08  5.8389540705e-09  1.1534189295e-08 -3.0560546502e-09  2.4769172073e-09  3.3991105390e-11  2.1652395235e-06 -5.9724788700e-06 -1.2720889167e-06 -1.4819528979e-06  9.6545176241e-05 -2.9626195556e-04 -4.2827157419e-05 -7.1068617326e-05  3.1566955412e-06  1.2555350395e-06  1.3305871368e-06  2.8623430850e-07  3.0187702232e-07  3.6186127502e-07  5.7937473985e-20  7.3732524875e-10 -2.7204817138e-09 -1.5173947856e-09 -3.4869998801e-11  4.5218559713e-06 -1.8508333666e-05 -9.5031644356e-06  2.5036639921e-07  1.9590042613e-10  1.8250745992e-10  4.9993574389e-12  6.2813188741e-11  3.0490647620e-12  4.7723499684e-12  7.2246421574e-05  1.1046616161e-03 -1.3389543618e-03 -6.3737013629e-04 -3.9463393430e-04  1.1899289042e-03 -1.2871562265e-03 -5.3783868858e-04 -3.6908970474e-04  1.6178524642e-03  9.3823413531e-04  5.8938055577e-04  6.0731169072e-04  2.3472173344e-04  5.6149938558e-04  1.2401022372e-08  2.6140038220e-05  1.2592635153e-11  3.0654298580e-06  1.2164819046e-15  1.2198673925e-07  3.3846940517e-11  3.5267468335e-06  2.5042545422e-12  1.1199227715e-06  1.8988766557e-09  1.1000993668e-05
    -6.0747055300e-08 -2.8609114426e-05  2.5193173037e-05  6.1703479758e-05  9.4617384202e-06 -2.8214326186e-04  2.7881771827e-04  6.3741601960e-04  9.8635594720e-05 -3.1600230827e-05 -1.9003047320e-04 -3.1085811551e-05 -2.8855800775e-04 -7.1749171966e-05 -2.9616206340e-05 -3.9874216016e-07 -1.6880768535e-04  4.3089501454e-04 -2.4496267986e-04 -4.6586041373e-05 -5.6133794989e-04  9.2881472337e-04 -8.0886573093e-04 -1.0317293303e-04 -3.7531368456e-04  1.2559845367e-03  1.6945638547e-04 -6.2359975532e-04 -1.1727433170e-04 -1.4235803042e-04  9.2468441867e-17  1.4508618830e-08 -4.7445386707e-08  1.8523709075e-08 -2.7171346790e-09  7.0251297258e-06 -2.2068122523e-05  9.3707412045e-06 -2.2144805090e-06  1.5057733250e-07 -9.7508269702e-08  1.3071938176e-08  2.6796774164e-08 -8.2541901298e-09  6.3347387073e-09  1.1305390991e-10  2.8890653615e-06 -7.0942604608e-06 -1.8282031227e-06 -2.0362966435e-06  2.0343867342e-05 -1.8386485344e-05 -1.6766369214e-05 -1.8127729845e-05  4.9688928230e-06  2.1945595453e-06  2.3330572447e-06  5.3284979521e-07  5.8652444072e-07  6.9882120109e-07  2.7131354599e-19  1.3928534572e-09 -4.8509530684e-09 -2.8957115116e-09 -7.4588503422e-11  1.8800687366e-06 -5.7179516575e-06 -4.2782142695e-06 -7.3137525541e-08  4.5653955124e-10  4.4172394516e-10  1.1462985349e-11  1.5723982276e-10  7.1222085143e-12  1.1895035691e-11  6.2463014275e-05  3.1870450174e-05  3.4088484710e-04 -1.6564918460e-04 -8.4522049393e-05 -3.6457949675e-04  9.2292560628e-04  1.2404935684e-04  8.5449595945e-05 -5.6396586573e-04 -1.1340077191e-04 -7.3577347811e-05  2.3155903451e-04  1.0705162454e-04  1.5193698479e-04  1.9194700000e-08  4.7379985001e-06  2.0841091457e-11  5.4984943457e-07  3.5412401094e-15  8.6957980162e-08  7.3119510066e-11  1.4526659562e-06  6.6708626274e-12  8.2711182350e-07  3.7906862206e-09  5.8583469725e-06
     8.5775712418e-07  2.0183899622e-04 -1.4660867435e-05 -4.0003925991e-04 -7.0491617248e-05  1.2273135634e-03 -1.8342374830e-04 -2.5930146617e-03 -4.9588320593e-04  1.2825877701e-04  1.4856449648e-04  1.7417832953e-05  1.5324439159e-03  4.4254139199e-04  1.9216138901e-04  5.4424844527e-06  9.3948226715e-04 -2.4496267986e-04  1.5035989586e-03  1.1213233243e-04  2.2338959227e-03 -8.0886573093e-04  3.4685069806e-03  2.3242024837e-04  7.2514301036e-04 -1.0801064598e-03 -1.1727433170e-04  3.5172895589e-03  3.5256652071e-04  6.7273886481e-04  2.6414462198e-18  5.1208950699e-09 -1.7310898509e-08  8.7252651459e-09 -1.3845886610e-09  1.4952620362e-05 -5.8796441363e-05  2.6077161917e-05 -4.3627393306e-06  5.4393995991e-08 -4.6055488982e-08  6.6524246119e-09  1.4231459718e-08 -4.1738268763e-09  2.2914038108e-09  8.0507343095e-11  3.9674969797e-06 -1.1070044228e-05 -1.6399862884e-06 -2.8219182247e-06  1.8720757173e-04 -5.8188583451e-04 -5.4520507299e-05 -1.4341685367e-04  5.8728021771e-06  1.7102191112e-06  2.5466498636e-06  3.7578762090e-07  4.3534714533e-07  6.9776795331e-07  2.5767127499e-19  2.0047041866e-09 -7.4258847246e-09 -3.8163900460e-09 -9.9488608284e-11  9.9241183443e-06 -4.0937146462e-05 -1.9434501180e-05  4.2587138204e-07  6.0793486329e-10  5.2817619166e-10  1.3657363246e-11  1.7029737966e-10  8.2354126761e-12  1.4759627972e-11  1.7147974026e-04  2.3247517504e-03 -2.9272728228e-03 -9.8294635361e-04 -9.0135996990e-04  2.4093704639e-03 -2.6433934275e-03 -7.6796875596e-04 -8.0589222317e-04  3.5957763941e-03  1.5029659764e-03  1.3927587369e-03  9.9027927889e-04  4.0488363038e-04  1.2100786774e-03  2.2725393766e-08  4.9628235092e-05  4.7719300511e-11  7.4202678175e-06  3.5193703697e-15  2.5935471313e-07  9.5001314437e-11  7.6994352111e-06  1.2806436468e-12  1.6429868994e-06  1.5975267417e-09  1.7973537937e-05
     1.2161463413e-07  2.5395640011e-05 -2.5811922633e-06 -5.3315497687e-05  1.7252233032e-05  1.2999328071e-04 -3.0841836979e-05 -3.1085042020e-04  2.3455414863e-04  1.5559569653e-05  2.5695013642e-05 -6.3783810645e-06  2.1151679933e-04 -1.3450610526e-04 -1.3719203514e-05 -2.5231771572e-06  1.0537147393e-04 -4.6586041373e-05  1.1213233243e-04  4.5773682127e-04  2.2493831022e-04 -1.0317293303e-04  2.3242024837e-04  8.5413427064e-04  9.7835689769e-05 -1.1727433170e-04 -2.4657134155e-04  2.0355437564e-04  1.1652178941e-03  2.3242244182e-04 -1.1797707952e-17  2.6552720564e-09 -9.4059832190e-09  2.8127276597e-09  2.2958736295e-09  2.4309397498e-06 -9.8070664373e-06  3.0650606979e-06  5.5355960773e-06  3.1533455535e-08 -1.6428679884e-08 -1.1733191989e-08  3.2744392657e-09  4.9876305189e-09  1.1464110694e-10  3.8721608387e-11  1.2674427702e-06 -3.5529685526e-06 -8.4970450244e-07  1.1700375367e-07  3.3652101970e-05 -1.0635294299e-04 -2.0479070405e-05  2.6880863503e-05  2.2246258089e-06  9.5360341061e-07  5.1510966422e-08  2.2553830959e-07  2.2812809897e-08 -7.1001971595e-09  2.4152040216e-20 -9.1770807527e-11  3.2982364507e-10  1.8409404893e-10  3.0542386697e-10  1.2446891630e-07 -6.8752371916e-07 -3.9023906219e-07  2.3261145673e-06 -2.5090314100e-11 -2.4889303532e-11 -3.6434601379e-11 -8.7301529145e-12 -2.0027380231e-11 -1.0429505308e-12  3.9225879235e-05  3.7392022943e-04 -5.1991585950e-04 -2.9307910248e-04  4.5254014898e-04  2.9735963102e-04 -3.4891193759e-04 -1.9254976607e-04  5.2670719359e-04  6.7633234947e-04  4.7139795253e-04 -6.6794793656e-04  3.0699652910e-04 -3.8536364405e-04 -1.1406602110e-04  2.1557609887e-08  2.0036192796e-05  2.6224143138e-12  4.0646454794e-07  2.3897370959e-16  1.5860503161e-08 -3.8406226736e-11 -1.3289968617e-06  2.4314761855e-12  4.9321447693e-07 -1.5523062153e-09 -2.1014027308e-06
     2.2656583348e-03  1.7181214007e-02 -1.0404986558e-03 -1.7202498535e-02 -2.9375494832e-03  2.9176697632e-02 -8.4178293969e-03 -3.2895195900e-02 -7.0281396458e-03  1.4081952122e-02  6.8960512849e-03  6.0089537876e-04  3.0045045755e-02  5.5322032562e-03  1.5936271346e-02  4.5612543938e-06  1.2797687439e-03 -5.6133794989e-04  2.2338959227e-03  2.2493831022e-04  1.0629373657e-02 -7.3517957370e-03  2.1966165924e-02  1.8341373741e-03  2.2261312428e-03 -3.7484715322e-03 -4.7718169254e-04  8.4598232202e-03  9.3175382198e-04  1.9938088666e-03  1.5723661447e-13  1.7885721431e-07 -4.6963592565e-07  2.6348707894e-07 -3.9792974408e-08  8.1312291858e-05 -2.8906885011e-04  1.8431858843e-04 -1.5012267486e-05  1.2785546125e-06 -1.2059720034e-06  1.5243701882e-07  4.5162493373e-07 -1.3979140716e-07  1.3819215345e-07  1.4714921093e-07  1.0613262614e-04 -2.3256458544e-04  4.8557170339e-05 -4.2801160513e-05  2.1171320808e-03 -6.1474259871e-03  1.0572978464e-03 -1.1690381730e-03  1.8764144343e-04 -5.8670318545e-05  5.1379371016e-05  3.0366660584e-05 -1.1468776756e-05  3.0950832891e-05  5.8845165351e-12  2.2793852144e-06 -6.7338375515e-06 -1.4075095693e-06  3.2056801177e-08  3.0044639683e-04 -1.1025994964e-03 -2.6955917962e-04  1.7747015135e-05  3.0718821863e-06  1.0614727283e-06 -3.6661942272e-08  2.6776764034e-07  1.9318015814e-08  1.7410295041e-07  1.1661190532e-03  1.7950290180e-02 -1.9948845265e-02  8.2738247768e-03 -3.0980026467e-03  2.5089375474e-02 -2.9928830859e-02  8.9487166301e-03 -5.1870768348e-03  2.3868649978e-02 -1.0148108524e-02  3.4170884073e-03  1.0782956855e-02 -2.2549718839e-03  1.1086582729e-02  4.9657856685e-06  8.0411571973e-04  1.2295811623e-06  3.9681844356e-04  7.6127543837e-11  1.1474881734e-05  2.7621229244e-07  2.3019435705e-04  1.5377023391e-10  1.0840191717e-05  5.7106326789e-08  1.0907823294e-04
    -6.3340218194e-04 -5.8368557672e-03  9.7092238714e-03  6.7068210062e-03  9.7351340992e-04 -1.6784335654e-02  2.6833997552e-02  2.3169504211e-02  3.6736504001e-03 -8.1336078836e-03 -2.0129769569e-02 -3.5367853621e-03 -1.4456127223e-02 -2.4078080670e-03 -5.9835149820e-03 -2.3682462038e-07 -4.4490257857e-04  9.2881472337e-04 -8.0886573093e-04 -1.0317293303e-04 -7.3517957370e-03  1.3110339029e-02 -1.4590280802e-02 -1.7964998502e-03 -2.1942257476e-03  5.5932193880e-03  5.8619246460e-04 -3.7518679864e-03 -6.5068150486e-04 -7.8370542171e-04  6.9594399761e-13  4.4605487618e-07 -1.1374844394e-06  6.5187201278e-07 -1.1808159447e-07  7.1824037594e-05 -1.9334474656e-04  1.5733636254e-04 -1.9671146540e-05  3.0397530800e-06 -2.9258648263e-06  4.5824428275e-07  1.1194299321e-06 -3.9012947229e-07  3.5444327758e-07  4.7696191889e-07  1.8004086317e-04 -3.4853148976e-04  8.0789871681e-05 -7.8210386827e-05  7.9067314381e-04 -8.8071999409e-04  5.9739540165e-04 -5.2629948623e-04  3.3698893739e-04 -1.1199754269e-04  1.0659511770e-04  6.3526322295e-05 -2.5158898293e-05  6.6417960960e-05  2.4489476927e-11  5.2703754089e-06 -1.4848581677e-05 -3.3069027929e-06  6.4368044690e-08  2.6006153077e-04 -7.6801186479e-04 -2.0058760274e-04  5.4699002308e-06  7.8179500324e-06  2.8543562576e-06 -1.0587611556e-07  7.4567991386e-07  5.1647075686e-08  4.7326645467e-07  9.2127825696e-04  1.4168744526e-03  6.8026178741e-03  2.6202262911e-03 -8.8055301523e-04 -9.6741207764e-03  2.8411452489e-02 -5.2501990283e-04  1.1526118866e-03 -7.6098576774e-03  9.9605391693e-04 -6.9122669411e-04  4.5193658752e-03 -8.0056277306e-04  3.5634136058e-03  8.9826769727e-06  2.8403913664e-04  2.5988129854e-06  2.6798816913e-04  2.4523560012e-10  1.4653182912e-05  6.7321793622e-07  1.8924860919e-04  4.0541187115e-10  1.0248438381e-05  1.4244889539e-07  7.2485251571e-05
     9.1236500470e-03  5.9455518721e-02 -2.5510540942e-03 -5.2585511521e-02 -1.0426575333e-02  8.8382626209e-02 -2.1253408034e-02 -8.4246427510e-02 -2.2130080085e-02  4.8053749760e-02  1.8548340450e-02  1.6762900552e-03  8.5803870224e-02  1.6372805272e-02  5.4359991765e-02  2.2130081470e-06  1.7505535450e-03 -8.0886573093e-04  3.4685069806e-03  2.3242024837e-04  2.1966165924e-02 -1.4590280802e-02  5.0192841905e-02  2.9784838489e-03  3.2292467193e-03 -6.4984259758e-03 -6.5068150486e-04  1.5711650569e-02  1.2929099736e-03  2.8176215360e-03  3.9600383646e-14  1.4597279300e-07 -3.8853253528e-07  2.7690542357e-07 -4.9724174327e-08  1.6481972701e-04 -5.9141579774e-04  4.2571401011e-04 -3.6374231804e-05  1.0401035708e-06 -1.2498059320e-06  2.1321140237e-07  5.3789791304e-07 -1.5258441225e-07  1.0830337341e-07  3.0479769960e-07  2.7489754696e-04 -6.0355682485e-04  1.8690966398e-04 -1.1234505804e-04  5.7786219065e-03 -1.6576605134e-02  3.9949948416e-03 -3.2810732655e-03  4.6602824333e-04 -2.2588685083e-04  1.2903027658e-04  9.1178625540e-05 -4.3157670110e-05  7.6204311539e-05  2.2720812813e-11  8.5260576736e-06 -2.5239865750e-05 -4.3389728544e-06  2.2324346399e-07  9.8349481971e-04 -3.5765605907e-03 -7.2636088777e-04  6.2919006280e-05  1.1814557551e-05  3.4163799863e-06 -2.1638240996e-07  8.5627930998e-07  5.2004767405e-08  6.6682928743e-07  2.7331846355e-03  4.6615389097e-02 -5.0125271039e-02  2.9752399058e-02 -8.3743606037e-03  6.5967039065e-02 -7.5765848076e-02  3.4700109680e-02 -1.4823731217e-02  5.9145166136e-02 -3.5258456915e-02  9.1755231996e-03  3.2790950270e-02 -7.1607458324e-03  2.7847412479e-02  1.2805942942e-05  2.1831070192e-03  5.7289434287e-06  1.4162431139e-03  2.8532069692e-10  3.8349866569e-05  9.9131269329e-07  7.3664987752e-04  8.8695706799e-11  2.1960684402e-05  6.0381621462e-08  2.4049384230e-04
     1.2963831723e-03  8.0707987776e-03 -4.8379731111e-04 -8.3832467220e-03  8.6575484975e-03  1.0215984631e-02 -3.3168278631e-03 -1.2358287982e-02  2.4094118754e-02  6.3802880290e-03  3.2542987492e-03 -2.0935277252e-03  1.3933708080e-02 -1.7310190628e-02  3.0101596271e-03 -2.0119818900e-07  1.7703888272e-04 -1.0317293303e-04  2.3242024837e-04  8.5413427064e-04  1.8341373741e-03 -1.7964998502e-03  2.9784838489e-03  1.0891825755e-02  3.3843837724e-04 -6.5068150486e-04 -1.3574176086e-03  7.4646192130e-04  4.8802636568e-03  8.2953533883e-04  4.9152346240e-14  4.8448140579e-08 -1.4601447612e-07  5.4102518405e-08  1.0417749746e-07  2.1620944926e-05 -8.3274076743e-05  4.3065908555e-05  8.2210659289e-05  4.4010145300e-07 -2.7776756766e-07 -4.8545029956e-07  8.3228847189e-08  2.4838906056e-07  2.8235586359e-08  1.2758938750e-07  8.2408294852e-05 -1.8590295128e-04  3.6087167507e-05  3.7089492440e-05  1.0782351735e-03 -3.2205309372e-03  4.4823837941e-04  1.3724747296e-03  1.6813910500e-04 -4.9611309600e-05 -3.9843481267e-05  2.5650510447e-05  5.6837664003e-06  7.6133213603e-06  1.5175361048e-12 -7.6587933883e-08  2.1600766676e-07  1.5052617466e-07  1.2414393826e-06  7.8069267069e-06 -3.8542041724e-05 -2.1792156158e-06  2.6464174136e-04 -9.4263874654e-08 -1.0649738791e-07 -8.3951244942e-07 -3.2194901785e-08 -1.7535006112e-07  5.3279632797e-09  6.4039854798e-04  7.6476273730e-03 -9.1868211192e-03  3.2619167892e-03  1.1258806508e-02  8.2621780389e-03 -1.0703312432e-02  1.7614560322e-03  2.0809087720e-02  1.1487302553e-02 -4.2631710395e-03 -1.3382772660e-02  5.0725298482e-03  5.0763501803e-03  2.4004032329e-03  1.1004055122e-05  1.0008982212e-03  4.6084811937e-07  9.0285833402e-05  2.8698640128e-11  2.5378112573e-06 -3.5728547475e-07 -1.5599442838e-04  1.4596491098e-10  6.7305747812e-06 -4.7651549254e-08 -5.1272994682e-05
     5.3813729614e-07  1.4484810246e-04 -1.0289970084e-04 -2.7343332666e-04 -4.3807902221e-05  1.2571360442e-03 -1.0352389027e-03 -2.6496017626e-03 -4.4005119097e-04  2.9907244754e-04  7.0895734638e-04  1.0548320420e-04  1.1111072954e-03  2.8111742074e-04  1.5273009254e-04  1.4104435002e-06  5.3196337996e-04 -3.7531368456e-04  7.2514301036e-04  9.7835689769e-05  2.2261312428e-03 -2.1942257476e-03  3.2292467193e-03  3.3843837724e-04  1.5977576562e-03 -1.7994381711e-03 -2.0814193004e-04  1.9669604653e-03  2.4998600743e-04  4.9943570503e-04  4.4373930100e-15  9.9173703003e-08 -2.7992085484e-07  1.3492021776e-07 -2.4376083115e-08  2.1327808356e-05 -6.9007535870e-05  3.2005516761e-05 -6.3203822974e-06  8.0782835845e-07 -6.5287389027e-07  1.0222134472e-07  2.1332820569e-07 -8.5239257042e-08  6.4200063691e-08  4.0132383250e-09  1.3517684066e-05 -2.9425116105e-05 -6.4325018650e-06 -9.2113591379e-06  1.5332619832e-04 -4.2912272902e-04 -5.9427108821e-05 -1.1472745329e-04  2.6046259231e-05  9.5570081014e-06  1.2859937997e-05  2.9460239801e-06  2.8034101851e-06  4.7068453015e-06  2.4602063793e-16  1.8772272331e-08 -5.9957404891e-08 -3.3105220063e-08 -1.0427196397e-09  9.9658855039e-06 -3.5477193352e-05 -1.9824542150e-05  3.6092859982e-08  1.1231138506e-08  9.8819277089e-09  2.0403271384e-10  3.3260032388e-09  1.2628834470e-10  3.7143586471e-10  1.5168495704e-04  1.1680817815e-03 -1.2080364930e-03 -5.8859595922e-04 -4.4705261209e-04  2.1028400997e-03 -3.1440228344e-03 -7.5687711914e-04 -6.1362345729e-04  1.5756966869e-03  3.7035342005e-04  3.1731205584e-04  6.0717030341e-04  2.0259101167e-04  6.4112467011e-04  1.4635247649e-07  4.2413796798e-05  5.8849461601e-10  6.0644542852e-06  1.4041546244e-13  4.0641345709e-07  1.4197740148e-09  7.7890017095e-06  6.6014547420e-11  2.6164936302e-06  2.4313424005e-08  2.1008029061e-05
    -6.6739795229e-06 -6.2088423326e-04  6.3200561085e-04  1.1658914199e-03  1.8921575608e-04 -3.3813997530e-03  3.4919533749e-03  6.6659270217e-03  1.1571556196e-03 -6.5634321212e-04 -3.3106601440e-03 -5.8920166942e-04 -4.0706846152e-03 -1.0514083852e-03 -5.8585683285e-04 -8.4153302039e-07 -6.1015143327e-04  1.2559845367e-03 -1.0801064598e-03 -1.1727433170e-04 -3.7484715322e-03  5.5932193880e-03 -6.4984259758e-03 -6.5068150486e-04 -1.7994381711e-03  5.9008813959e-03  4.3298846604e-04 -3.7450591902e-03 -5.4892058863e-04 -6.0848056075e-04  1.7506045822e-16  5.5983874471e-08 -1.6571487056e-07  9.9845979648e-08 -2.1401047424e-08  2.8111891762e-05 -8.3891140330e-05  4.9242863290e-05 -1.0311003983e-05  4.8064883141e-07 -4.9109379689e-07  9.6717456755e-08  1.7463444675e-07 -6.6469874487e-08  3.3840585159e-08  4.6512853639e-09  2.4419189789e-05 -5.7238733709e-05 -6.4520781073e-06 -1.6684762554e-05  9.8517379948e-05  2.2283971348e-05 -3.3517176011e-05 -9.8441377310e-05  4.6158725746e-05  9.4810891350e-06  2.1272713143e-05  3.3820243956e-06  2.6957086698e-06  7.1842193618e-06  3.9283088051e-16  4.2797378933e-08 -1.4272960910e-07 -6.8574533216e-08 -2.0661545219e-09  1.8273522746e-05 -5.3749511236e-05 -3.2514904508e-05 -1.2501116896e-06  2.5173939588e-08  1.9872835910e-08  3.9873370626e-10  6.0893711649e-09  2.3751826503e-10  7.8950539698e-10  5.8795825038e-04 -1.9717272734e-04  3.0857323043e-03 -4.1844560532e-04 -5.6184570196e-04 -3.4780092861e-03  8.0487150474e-03  5.6264882348e-04  8.3300248013e-04 -4.9275127775e-03 -5.2610041427e-04 -6.6964504855e-04  9.6113242483e-04  3.0793835302e-04  1.1527047370e-03  2.5904435355e-07  2.2192326014e-05  1.9947453188e-09  7.6551928901e-06  2.4369822133e-13  8.8519484342e-07  2.9942335478e-09  1.3906211134e-05  1.9669790819e-11  3.3071476990e-06  1.5761857030e-08  2.4516002815e-05
    -9.4802712895e-07 -8.4422715503e-05  8.2711105458e-05  1.6912678653e-04 -6.0317745825e-05 -4.3278530808e-04  4.0061571253e-04  9.5761220184e-04 -6.5160001625e-04 -9.3966169181e-05 -4.5559523961e-04  2.0681659591e-04 -6.2529790035e-04  4.1112483896e-04  2.2334931871e-05 -7.0476210634e-07 -8.5186892886e-05  1.6945638547e-04 -1.1727433170e-04 -2.4657134155e-04 -4.7718169254e-04  5.8619246460e-04 -6.5068150486e-04 -1.3574176086e-03 -2.0814193004e-04  4.3298846604e-04  1.4983071151e-03 -3.1691944961e-04 -1.0539192466e-03 -2.1393955206e-04 -9.6119595276e-16  2.2294399866e-08 -7.2472913849e-08  2.0575689289e-08  3.4024643856e-08  2.9522974057e-06 -8.2291064184e-06  2.8923785737e-06  1.3712749022e-05  2.3176751688e-07 -1.1783311095e-07 -1.6609144734e-07  2.3023708240e-08  7.3849444762e-08  7.5995906210e-09  2.0812279612e-09  7.5210947672e-06 -1.7988581562e-05 -3.9805330352e-06  1.6361294038e-06  4.3187700520e-06  4.1026212792e-05 -1.1541918195e-05  4.0790730979e-05  1.7087600875e-05  6.1467107766e-06 -1.0723345491e-06  1.8319473006e-06 -3.3195251914e-07 -2.0147422970e-07  3.7821520745e-17 -1.8421253899e-09  6.1065385881e-09  3.5110450500e-09  6.5945093838e-09 -1.1670437405e-06  4.4788743250e-06  2.1127247479e-06  4.9812055459e-06 -7.7176820930e-10 -7.1958442016e-10 -1.6036493148e-09 -2.4589692955e-10 -8.0624845496e-10 -4.5957332726e-11  1.3342268330e-04 -1.5001361139e-04  5.6523593991e-04 -1.2386523472e-04  2.4291645538e-04 -5.9368302560e-04  1.1655412568e-03  2.3073026263e-04 -6.4020551464e-04 -9.8316731580e-04 -2.1064907935e-04  4.4245208082e-04  2.6206893671e-04 -3.3776072679e-04 -1.9074725021e-04  2.4278299873e-07  9.8725923838e-06  1.1751761780e-10 -4.1303399983e-07  1.4760132794e-14  1.8728773995e-08 -1.2061289537e-09 -3.8982472889e-06  4.0306226790e-11  9.1975621280e-07 -1.1528246964e-08 -7.0126913560e-06
     5.5213778400e-05  2.9082982322e-03 -1.5136643035e-04 -4.9103806923e-03 -9.2833340939e-04  9.2126562251e-03 -1.6245303119e-03 -1.6273667464e-02 -3.5742273432e-03  1.7858146567e-03  1.5248642810e-03  1.8173083715e-04  1.3423919900e-02  4.0637427299e-03  2.4796335676e-03  3.9621552100e-06  1.9117408333e-03 -6.2359975532e-04  3.5172895589e-03  2.0355437564e-04  8.4598232202e-03 -3.7518679864e-03  1.5711650569e-02  7.4646192130e-04  1.9669604653e-03 -3.7450591902e-03 -3.1691944961e-04  1.1455046053e-02  8.1997601029e-04  1.7820790617e-03  6.7329693546e-17  1.7436111741e-08 -5.4450936541e-08  3.2484931438e-08 -5.9588346271e-09  5.1206837094e-05 -2.0133196855e-04  1.0494614034e-04 -1.5790164724e-05  1.6112842114e-07 -1.6304563642e-07  2.7818109114e-08  6.0123521588e-08 -2.0105754924e-08  9.0859853976e-09  1.8426570202e-09  2.2518932877e-05 -6.0695762399e-05 -1.2279388299e-06 -1.5131767959e-05  9.4647988327e-04 -2.9527042118e-03  1.9176753452e-05 -7.1534327193e-04  3.6003808072e-05  2.2996525291e-06  1.4858692711e-05  1.8759353087e-06  6.3506262333e-07  4.5783543658e-06  2.1136152324e-16  3.9323175771e-08 -1.3909613430e-07 -5.7564507312e-08 -1.3203314986e-09  6.8167358350e-05 -2.7881446612e-04 -1.0979448766e-04  2.4898590222e-06  2.0873921272e-08  1.4704218357e-08  2.6096237725e-10  4.0834421696e-09  1.5768528844e-10  6.1392858643e-10  1.0072499380e-03  1.2001578665e-02 -1.5475743792e-02 -4.1907987327e-04 -4.4354210389e-03  1.2647659540e-02 -1.4364684842e-02 -4.7871633715e-04 -4.2088617871e-03  1.9206243784e-02  4.5472702363e-04  6.7726945948e-03  3.8131074140e-03 -8.1228906388e-05  6.6078731138e-03  2.0701169763e-07  2.6200799533e-04  2.6221300481e-09  6.3218824927e-05  1.5330667153e-13  1.8296037400e-06  2.4194677079e-09  5.2205697517e-05  5.7511708938e-12  5.7027735619e-06  5.4974554720e-09  6.7354040843e-05
     1.3507287852e-05  6.2543749325e-04 -4.6765434006e-05 -1.1305957968e-03  4.6393420173e-04  1.4891784973e-03 -4.1430585733e-04 -2.9499200485e-03  2.9564144497e-03  3.6657385038e-04  4.3602491000e-04 -1.3821157359e-04  3.1482570875e-03 -2.4510348671e-03 -1.9764171780e-04  2.7695598603e-07  2.5148427951e-04 -1.1727433170e-04  3.5256652071e-04  1.1652178941e-03  9.3175382198e-04 -6.5068150486e-04  1.2929099736e-03  4.8802636568e-03  2.4998600743e-04 -5.4892058863e-04 -1.0539192466e-03  8.1997601029e-04  5.3462371851e-03  7.1168558939e-04 -3.8777119210e-17  4.8933991046e-09 -1.8561279596e-08  8.1813706388e-09  1.0226212654e-08  8.4360622477e-06 -3.5090794100e-05  1.3893883412e-05  2.8543095801e-05  6.2227082439e-08 -4.7427327998e-08 -5.1217697587e-08  1.1416805355e-08  2.8064306403e-08  1.2257080301e-09  1.4268205602e-09  1.0390067967e-05 -2.8317279561e-05 -2.7871440522e-06  2.3176624701e-06  2.2709398565e-04 -7.3082533642e-04 -5.0380648918e-05  2.3731069949e-04  2.0641073737e-05  3.8330005476e-06 -1.0995903191e-06  1.2984813105e-06 -1.6193232837e-07 -1.4213173223e-07  3.4997694835e-17 -2.4061442696e-09  8.2543346307e-09  4.4480039712e-09  9.8028135569e-09 -2.3032934730e-09 -1.9441382938e-06 -2.2847078084e-07  2.4973128516e-05 -9.8755064393e-10 -8.5782736162e-10 -2.1343587460e-09 -2.7222025479e-10 -9.5898408451e-10 -5.1079006065e-11  3.9399232076e-04  2.8134906496e-03 -4.1949027541e-03 -8.4883667842e-04  3.8664598335e-03  2.0626583552e-03 -2.6232515319e-03 -6.0976130171e-04  4.4784108498e-03  5.6434785230e-03  1.4000111519e-03 -5.7735535526e-03  1.4074421527e-03 -1.2473458186e-03 -7.0860571612e-04  3.0099539158e-07  1.5299333981e-04  2.7852793804e-10  4.9737329169e-06  1.6343060404e-14  1.3332052968e-07 -1.5794535046e-09 -1.5362473604e-05  5.9880084225e-12  2.0348438030e-06 -4.6559466071e-09 -1.6044685373e-05
     1.3766678414e-06  1.5570732926e-04 -1.4178178148e-05 -2.8833401181e-04  5.0591326023e-05  1.0783607659e-03 -2.1465660526e-04 -2.2673510750e-03  4.0908778323e-05  1.1192760492e-04  1.3856453733e-04 -2.0023824555e-05  1.0534874238e-03 -2.3731903821e-04  2.4217192824e-04  3.9184638049e-06  5.0120877035e-04 -1.4235803042e-04  6.7273886481e-04  2.3242244182e-04  1.9938088666e-03 -7.8370542171e-04  2.8176215360e-03  8.2953533883e-04  4.9943570503e-04 -6.0848056075e-04 -2.1393955206e-04  1.7820790617e-03  7.1168558939e-04  1.4222191826e-03  7.6816845166e-17  1.1549127746e-08 -3.5499794576e-08  1.4075046896e-08  5.6244338087e-09  1.7063660616e-05 -6.5385399196e-05  2.6555538771e-05  1.4832692515e-06  1.0732208638e-07 -7.2756745742e-08 -2.8343702239e-08  1.9401201141e-08  1.2120330606e-08  1.0063724773e-08  3.8875979952e-10  5.4375188513e-06 -1.4563455377e-05 -2.5069651079e-06 -1.3817434839e-07  2.0442943672e-04 -6.2801250416e-04 -7.6786618144e-05 -6.1812922630e-05  9.3356981624e-06  2.9664360411e-06 -3.5859446243e-07  8.2550375792e-07 -9.1296868129e-08  4.4126347143e-07  2.4083449272e-18  2.4631747603e-09 -8.6833687237e-09 -4.3129943891e-09 -4.1588403169e-10  9.4220944769e-06 -3.8122839273e-05 -1.8415641693e-05  1.0134698309e-06  8.8346070892e-10  7.2836660394e-10  8.9019741290e-11  2.3072051487e-10  5.0164132249e-11  7.9886990830e-11  8.6239527287e-05  1.7328652234e-03 -2.0405132886e-03 -7.5936624837e-04  4.3427040404e-04  2.3494724556e-03 -2.6162582611e-03 -9.0330438645e-04  3.2449859719e-05  2.3585680646e-03  1.0592557336e-03 -8.9424983273e-04  8.2224888477e-04 -4.2197150571e-04  1.3607452023e-03  1.8758636325e-07  8.8272926372e-05  9.2607869302e-11  7.2147736707e-06  8.0486191405e-15  2.7429372560e-07  4.8427764545e-10  8.7443886076e-06  1.3392301068e-11  2.3646863261e-06  5.0181798490e-09  1.9772782607e-05
     6.3640644356e-53  1.4477353827e-24  6.8705927393e-24 -6.1763820179e-24 -1.2033780880e-24  2.1645042552e-15  1.0554851189e-14 -8.2175802518e-15 -2.8264999603e-16  8.2680548963e-21 -1.3683390000e-20 -3.2564661580e-21  7.7125907587e-21  3.3342823020e-21  5.5495642768e-22  5.3255571935e-32  2.0956773900e-17  9.2468441867e-17  2.6414462198e-18 -1.1797707952e-17  1.5723661447e-13  6.9594399761e-13  3.9600383646e-14  4.9152346240e-14  4.4373930100e-15  1.7506045822e-16 -9.6119595276e-16  6.7329693546e-17 -3.8777119210e-17  7.6816845166e-17  4.3661916402e-12  5.9334879081e-11  2.0395882303e-13  8.6210717704e-11  2.1079650395e-11  3.4397478376e-11 -7.6671713407e-13  2.6931178821e-11  6.4988260610e-12  1.2439142461e-12 -1.8063995147e-12  1.9907592828e-13  7.9070800885e-11  3.7853705218e-11  7.1862722844e-12  2.2860016314e-15  1.3166748725e-11  1.0343805279e-11 -2.1191387921e-11 -6.0494666083e-12  1.8627275186e-11  1.2081361174e-11 -2.5322687468e-11 -7.4431176012e-12  7.4683319323e-12 -2.6121725245e-11 -7.3105650151e-12  3.0759568990e-11  1.5101006204e-11  2.5261374135e-12  1.2537262403e-26  1.6462339917e-14 -9.5159534583e-15 -6.1013635210e-14  1.1755858898e-14  2.3253025556e-12 -1.1685979883e-12 -7.3977528818e-12  1.3933074246e-12  2.3652350724e-16  2.5376885946e-15 -4.9137954088e-16  9.2974279653e-15 -3.1200716639e-15  3.5026572759e-16  7.0036543833e-24  2.4137710001e-14  7.1866839900e-14 -4.1090585497e-14 -7.8166156877e-15  2.3716911824e-12  6.8879526759e-12 -3.3971285178e-12  9.5021768109e-14  1.5703457143e-14 -1.7748658125e-14 -6.4507112280e-15  7.0857665399e-15  5.2077280937e-15  1.7993905387e-15  1.2135084608e-13  6.4577567882e-12  1.0779366139e-19  1.8556024448e-13  5.7372378423e-17  9.3506232238e-13  5.6826551347e-17  9.4584502989e-13  2.8491259119e-12  1.4478009276e-11  2.4263019591e-12  1.3627771607e-11
     7.8532940352e-15  5.6287206154e-11  1.2887251956e-10 -9.9345848271e-11 -5.2065417248e-12  1.9333437277e-08  5.2287747240e-08 -4.9054717864e-08 -4.0103417927e-09  1.3736125129e-09 -1.7744536197e-09 -1.0695445911e-10  9.1978566063e-10  8.1513662067e-11  1.1858488791e-10  2.7466027151e-12  6.6490630761e-09  1.4508618830e-08  5.1208950699e-09  2.6552720564e-09  1.7885721431e-07  4.4605487618e-07  1.4597279300e-07  4.8448140579e-08  9.9173703003e-08  5.5983874471e-08  2.2294399866e-08  1.7436111741e-08  4.8933991046e-09  1.1549127746e-08  5.9334879081e-11  4.2336512389e-08 -7.3245029749e-08  4.8918782296e-08 -1.9811324500e-08  3.0161454141e-07 -5.3231759281e-07  3.5204168275e-07 -6.2957499834e-08  1.5714489754e-07 -1.5407328370e-07  6.9636764438e-08  7.5206553463e-08 -3.7554972008e-08  4.5630574041e-08  5.7720564980e-08  4.1035808119e-07 -4.5107296473e-07 -3.1140920428e-07 -3.1942335517e-07  5.4448056226e-07 -5.1474128607e-07 -4.0378456818e-07 -3.4472688613e-07  4.3367168349e-07  3.0996959199e-07  3.0379257886e-07  2.2594807997e-07  1.8411024354e-07  2.5486109599e-07  2.8307225344e-13  3.1084264194e-09 -5.6277817963e-09 -6.2243380716e-09  2.2043467146e-10  6.7945290651e-08 -1.3023512756e-07 -1.5271162781e-07  1.2463749566e-08  2.7213178593e-09  4.5228542531e-09  1.0808442986e-11  2.9996697991e-09 -1.7051318275e-11  3.6214296796e-10  6.4516634953e-09  3.4099432193e-07  4.4611889398e-07 -2.8590780608e-07 -6.5689786136e-08  5.1629156786e-07  6.1147862125e-07 -4.3252800153e-07 -1.0758701488e-07  5.1889363707e-07 -4.8407937261e-07 -1.2419038932e-07  2.7099820120e-07  7.4450781609e-08  1.6137363754e-07  1.2358042845e-08  1.6731047152e-07  2.2282318792e-11  1.6954093945e-08  2.1171322233e-12  8.9211296370e-09  3.7357274936e-10  4.1163073958e-08  1.8769163426e-10  5.5335187356e-08  1.2108029503e-08  1.8553264284e-07
    -3.9693738481e-14 -2.0598885493e-10 -4.4812740312e-10  3.6221356098e-10  1.8233845355e-11 -5.2371743198e-08 -1.3643967211e-07  1.3324126102e-07  9.9641192893e-09 -4.2587521662e-09  5.7101052197e-09  3.3398970960e-10 -3.0988820652e-09 -2.6476268746e-10 -4.0479108668e-10 -1.2432200314e-11 -2.2954778310e-08 -4.7445386707e-08 -1.7310898509e-08 -9.4059832190e-09 -4.6963592565e-07 -1.1374844394e-06 -3.8853253528e-07 -1.4601447612e-07 -2.7992085484e-07 -1.6571487056e-07 -7.2472913849e-08 -5.4450936541e-08 -1.8561279596e-08 -3.5499794576e-08  2.0395882303e-13 -7.3245029749e-08  1.4275569514e-07 -8.0674830361e-08  3.5313686632e-08 -6.5717622464e-07  1.2430735400e-06 -7.4825478373e-07  1.2480983155e-07 -3.2649286562e-07  2.9333421349e-07 -1.2242740092e-07 -1.1742431510e-07  7.3848213344e-08 -7.8832172683e-08 -7.9208750590e-08 -7.9638086947e-07  1.0064037415e-06  5.8510519277e-07  5.6367578952e-07 -1.2172964989e-06  1.2986805171e-06  9.4567908372e-07  7.5922789337e-07 -1.0196591830e-06 -7.4623662830e-07 -6.6278736352e-07 -4.4277233097e-07 -3.2519115266e-07 -4.7572945032e-07 -1.0278790194e-13 -4.5571030469e-09  9.0540691704e-09  8.9576533320e-09 -2.9029203266e-10 -1.3462143348e-07  2.7956690050e-07  3.0850622527e-07 -2.4474559635e-08 -4.2627172092e-09 -6.5563786632e-09 -1.0743061667e-10 -3.8383149827e-09 -1.5346266137e-10 -4.5174973511e-10 -2.2806508324e-08 -9.2022809767e-07 -1.1521975051e-06  7.8459939715e-07  1.6414039829e-07 -1.2834816070e-06 -1.4210211600e-06  1.0876021324e-06  2.3967150405e-07 -1.3241975634e-06  1.2974582438e-06  3.1291230881e-07 -7.5811879797e-07 -1.7998989937e-07 -4.5299922863e-07 -2.3052726230e-08 -3.7442815546e-07 -3.6883203639e-11 -3.4887967774e-08 -9.4754132073e-13 -1.5459547854e-08 -4.9095896257e-10 -8.2459394941e-08 -1.8959657351e-10 -1.1505848876e-07 -2.1007414650e-08 -4.0194756103e-07
     3.5985349326e-14  2.0146695972e-10  4.5988503498e-10 -3.3196653607e-10 -1.8368002032e-11  4.5460641914e-08  1.2330773632e-07 -1.0505513316e-07 -9.3464750160e-09  4.5327861947e-09 -5.4361449339e-09 -3.5112555962e-10  2.6400892587e-09  2.4843186931e-10  3.8753599722e-10  3.2706465166e-12  8.3168229180e-09  1.8523709075e-08  8.7252651459e-09  2.8127276597e-09  2.6348707894e-07  6.5187201278e-07  2.7690542357e-07  5.4102518405e-08  1.3492021776e-07  9.9845979648e-08  2.0575689289e-08  3.2484931438e-08  8.1813706388e-09  1.4075046896e-08  8.6210717704e-11  4.8918782296e-08 -8.0674830361e-08  6.9115332769e-08 -1.8822577040e-08  4.3487593712e-07 -7.4825478373e-07  6.1594241054e-07 -9.2347626416e-08  1.6935658712e-07 -2.0338487980e-07  7.3848213344e-08  1.2287428627e-07 -3.4646131222e-08  4.5894778954e-08  1.4278606419e-07  9.0621714278e-07 -1.0003509396e-06 -5.4021499307e-07 -7.3196116566e-07  1.0067977441e-06 -9.0865476341e-07 -5.2015263816e-07 -6.3578432730e-07  9.8182897900e-07  4.8704766439e-07  7.1885799151e-07  3.8222376625e-07  3.3825177279e-07  5.7176763628e-07  1.1698176215e-12  9.4433455930e-09 -1.7266910610e-08 -1.7903945782e-08  4.3326798021e-10  1.5577385035e-07 -2.9262602827e-07 -3.1963663700e-07  2.8943807112e-08  9.1624574953e-09  1.4297999079e-08 -8.3828188487e-11  8.9096876227e-09  3.5131773482e-11  1.1526710534e-09  1.6987826082e-08  6.9444103311e-07  9.2702267589e-07 -4.5842523603e-07 -1.3182605797e-07  9.3117559307e-07  1.1152226399e-06 -5.8325191819e-07 -2.0188590196e-07  1.1335893821e-06 -8.1129991620e-07 -2.4083515803e-07  4.4851920703e-07  1.4621562721e-07  3.2811038004e-07  2.6711050689e-08  3.1047559057e-07  9.1266920501e-11  4.3290706143e-08  6.7129234603e-12  2.0861709219e-08  1.1369870698e-09  9.2119658166e-08  2.4550138275e-10  7.9883423476e-08  1.2592161655e-08  2.7227875478e-07
     8.9115815822e-16  2.6223989732e-12  5.1894419465e-12 -4.3662743172e-12  2.5850738985e-11 -1.9165765266e-09 -6.0832555185e-09  4.9467731054e-09  1.2234826904e-08  1.8349205784e-11 -2.9486064153e-11  4.4903223825e-10  1.9654196537e-11 -3.7118851472e-10 -1.7501560192e-11 -9.3993364050e-13 -1.1395928829e-09 -2.7171346790e-09 -1.3845886610e-09  2.2958736295e-09 -3.9792974408e-08 -1.1808159447e-07 -4.9724174327e-08  1.0417749746e-07 -2.4376083115e-08 -2.1401047424e-08  3.4024643856e-08 -5.9588346271e-09  1.0226212654e-08  5.6244338087e-09  2.1079650395e-11 -1.9811324500e-08  3.5313686632e-08 -1.8822577040e-08  4.0486787935e-08 -7.7810852027e-08  1.2480983155e-07 -9.2347626416e-08  2.0445310036e-07 -7.0683492876e-08  7.3848213344e-08 -1.3654132836e-07 -2.0002953187e-08  7.9492088951e-08 -1.9241093377e-08  1.6867751760e-08  7.3517770868e-08 -9.4499273828e-08 -6.3477686332e-08  1.2185773255e-07 -4.0167697240e-08  2.6401378504e-08  3.1507826444e-08  3.2623447870e-07  1.2794269156e-07  9.4267358670e-08 -1.7075084921e-07  7.0915342571e-08 -1.3105578471e-07 -7.0160557013e-08 -7.4515876504e-14 -1.5227129867e-09  2.7803236265e-09  2.8016179464e-09  1.5521263159e-09 -2.1620368520e-08  4.1657684692e-08  4.8963104561e-08  2.9061880348e-08 -1.6224631185e-09 -2.7285497327e-09 -1.2091769901e-09 -1.6416999627e-09 -1.3817752632e-09 -1.9795180826e-10  3.0004403117e-10 -2.9548845657e-08 -4.9902922368e-08  2.6322491350e-08  1.9986374920e-07 -8.3048358963e-08 -1.2623213836e-07  6.1792752703e-08  2.9387179673e-07 -4.8887681309e-08  6.5339260044e-08  3.5227733475e-07 -8.3639180914e-09 -2.5019691417e-07 -3.2312667289e-08  1.6204275958e-08  6.2668124012e-08 -3.2354202285e-12 -3.6221346067e-09 -6.5716160701e-14 -1.6627619204e-09 -5.4935138293e-10 -2.8334363920e-08  1.2265108942e-10 -1.7177000091e-09 -1.2237721502e-08 -1.1155786874e-07
     1.2091189851e-05  1.3759637316e-04  1.2926648685e-04 -1.0071166420e-04 -3.6961558049e-06  2.9336538575e-04  3.4040743442e-04 -2.1492452573e-04 -1.7008327572e-05  2.5922123897e-04 -1.4789607651e-04 -9.2302229935e-06  1.7599426444e-04  5.2133957329e-06  1.3287033808e-04  3.5094237034e-08  9.8750268504e-06  7.0251297258e-06  1.4952620362e-05  2.4309397498e-06  8.1312291858e-05  7.1824037594e-05  1.6481972701e-04  2.1620944926e-05  2.1327808356e-05  2.8111891762e-05  2.9522974057e-06  5.1206837094e-05  8.4360622477e-06  1.7063660616e-05  3.4397478376e-11  3.0161454141e-07 -6.5717622464e-07  4.3487593712e-07 -7.7810852027e-08  1.5511142941e-05 -3.5937265799e-05  3.3194278747e-05 -2.0277667873e-06  1.6139480167e-06 -1.6672721734e-06  2.9472555390e-07  7.8874382947e-07 -2.1242554560e-07  2.7076192965e-07  1.1067868539e-06  6.2283063248e-05 -9.3084024332e-05  3.0733144727e-05 -2.3731919008e-05  1.7903605403e-04 -2.9572667194e-04  1.1355080437e-04 -7.8745341790e-05  1.0267453818e-04 -4.6901944669e-05  3.3065574134e-05  3.4234711247e-05 -1.1709578334e-05  3.3182950011e-05  6.6123635466e-10  4.0226480416e-06 -9.3066197907e-06 -2.4945960046e-06  5.5965395908e-07  5.4883656591e-05 -1.4174760997e-04 -3.9792746547e-05  1.0149189815e-05  7.5495045129e-06  3.3263941686e-06 -9.0372316222e-07  1.0903799336e-06 -1.8930931788e-07  7.1863692454e-07  5.0234688901e-05  4.4212626138e-04  5.3821040275e-05  2.6680092339e-04 -2.3474978297e-05  4.5524447806e-04  7.0541205484e-05  2.6058907856e-04 -3.6579443164e-05  2.9889979692e-04  2.5184723661e-05 -2.9061844283e-05  4.0411619831e-04 -2.4820248317e-05  3.4982320645e-04  5.0762454779e-06  7.7515572195e-05  1.7202220401e-06  5.4424708100e-05  1.2542626598e-09  4.4964933052e-06  4.8181671272e-07  3.4295675388e-05  7.0498133441e-10  2.6255885230e-06  9.0459046992e-08  1.3631577732e-05
    -5.4115174806e-05 -5.4955702404e-04 -4.6044643175e-04  4.1811386475e-04  1.4726605590e-05 -1.0454516556e-03 -1.0253293185e-03  8.0539708107e-04  5.2816960480e-05 -8.7509349102e-04  5.1560176092e-04  3.0858716871e-05 -7.1688941757e-04 -2.0244211184e-05 -5.2247559013e-04 -1.4434254991e-07 -3.7987604253e-05 -2.2068122523e-05 -5.8796441363e-05 -9.8070664373e-06 -2.8906885011e-04 -1.9334474656e-04 -5.9141579774e-04 -8.3274076743e-05 -6.9007535870e-05 -8.3891140330e-05 -8.2291064184e-06 -2.0133196855e-04 -3.5090794100e-05 -6.5385399196e-05 -7.6671713407e-13 -5.3231759281e-07  1.2430735400e-06 -7.4825478373e-07  1.2480983155e-07 -3.5937265799e-05  8.9142486138e-05 -7.7064620207e-05  3.3644104256e-06 -3.1655194137e-06  3.0958606108e-06 -4.6125956508e-07 -1.3044392367e-06  3.7620629360e-07 -4.6416825923e-07 -1.4612377058e-06 -1.3081496318e-04  2.1041019139e-04 -6.3696545982e-05  4.4733430251e-05 -4.6610763948e-04  8.4823673608e-04 -2.9510279847e-04  1.9143542839e-04 -2.2993947487e-04  9.7381992277e-05 -6.4128939682e-05 -6.5912653294e-05  2.1221367748e-05 -6.2059470636e-05 -9.5181194765e-11 -6.7090980935e-06  1.6574540691e-05  3.9565212708e-06 -8.6459407084e-07 -1.2908501298e-04  3.5338140570e-04  9.2708403127e-05 -2.5248508700e-05 -1.2124836947e-05 -4.7241546674e-06  1.1810191225e-06 -1.4114648093e-06  1.4800352459e-07 -1.0004573778e-06 -1.6771791041e-04 -1.4297506795e-03  9.5812360625e-05 -8.6962940215e-04  5.9734650722e-05 -1.4424425910e-03  3.5962527782e-05 -8.0856881536e-04  8.8570325957e-05 -9.4370122668e-04  8.7848904426e-05  6.9184327977e-05 -1.3027537921e-03  7.9146246691e-05 -1.1362442439e-03 -1.0676027437e-05 -2.0670318546e-04 -3.3180284665e-06 -1.3688182273e-04 -9.3422427231e-10 -9.4881212099e-06 -7.8585975248e-07 -8.1406798276e-05 -8.7589067507e-10 -5.9286999719e-06 -1.5309596120e-07 -3.2240755709e-05
     4.8968917437e-05  5.0846917828e-04  4.9263212009e-04 -3.2061550428e-04 -1.3906986034e-05  1.0281916380e-03  1.2325465760e-03 -5.9320397562e-04 -6.1246189375e-05  9.8240319766e-04 -4.5629696520e-04 -3.4647415685e-05  5.5861879032e-04  1.6649225816e-05  4.8735731562e-04  3.1025174510e-08  1.5006629885e-05  9.3707412045e-06  2.6077161917e-05  3.0650606979e-06  1.8431858843e-04  1.5733636254e-04  4.2571401011e-04  4.3065908555e-05  3.2005516761e-05  4.9242863290e-05  2.8923785737e-06  1.0494614034e-04  1.3893883412e-05  2.6555538771e-05  2.6931178821e-11  3.5204168275e-07 -7.4825478373e-07  6.1594241054e-07 -9.2347626416e-08  3.3194278747e-05 -7.7064620207e-05  8.2180199452e-05 -5.0403515662e-06  1.7873959570e-06 -2.2593550334e-06  3.7620629360e-07  1.2624646171e-06 -2.4862550334e-07  2.8892391053e-07  2.4934566904e-06  1.7383059309e-04 -2.5742776854e-04  1.2003460273e-04 -6.4966090275e-05  5.4434982696e-04 -8.9862294359e-04  4.6277955984e-04 -2.3874886793e-04  2.7504226717e-04 -1.7884553580e-04  8.9443422803e-05  1.1022488490e-04 -4.2486106558e-05  8.9301729788e-05  2.7354281502e-09  1.5230023290e-05 -3.5424561538e-05 -7.9507953846e-06  2.3871519866e-06  1.9562467219e-04 -5.0612153968e-04 -1.1212721420e-04  3.9707102422e-05  2.9274361681e-05  1.1089252789e-05 -3.7048717880e-06  3.6401078048e-06 -7.2879329647e-07  2.8189076101e-06  1.2789438434e-04  1.2709080392e-03  1.5128205603e-04  1.0241675855e-03 -7.1782877937e-05  1.3850261491e-03  2.3172101281e-04  1.0638425095e-03 -1.1752775909e-04  8.1687754253e-04  1.4340370263e-04 -7.3576237909e-05  1.3112224320e-03 -7.5715159245e-05  9.5456199712e-04  1.4306293094e-05  2.3819493161e-04  7.9864250127e-06  2.1385963430e-04  4.6321155926e-09  1.6034789061e-05  1.7422024844e-06  1.1880134064e-04  7.8083720550e-10  5.6931808580e-06  1.1896827344e-07  3.1656079029e-05
     1.2189805771e-06  1.1838262688e-05  1.1131692145e-05 -8.9754619146e-06  7.0658819119e-05  1.5287600283e-05  9.9442425706e-06 -1.2835093056e-05  2.6434121221e-04  2.0171905376e-05 -1.1610201047e-05  1.5086485042e-04  1.5322244619e-05 -1.1133466927e-04  5.3665005918e-06 -1.4436801169e-08 -2.4673113418e-06 -2.2144805090e-06 -4.3627393306e-06  5.5355960773e-06 -1.5012267486e-05 -1.9671146540e-05 -3.6374231804e-05  8.2210659289e-05 -6.3203822974e-06 -1.0311003983e-05  1.3712749022e-05 -1.5790164724e-05  2.8543095801e-05  1.4832692515e-06  6.4988260610e-12 -6.2957499834e-08  1.2480983155e-07 -9.2347626416e-08  2.0445310036e-07 -2.0277667873e-06  3.3644104256e-06 -5.0403515662e-06  1.4336265341e-05 -2.6630833407e-07  3.7620629360e-07 -8.0396300825e-07 -1.4354400128e-07  5.0043089255e-07 -5.6994776527e-08  3.7838032207e-07  1.9489961865e-05 -3.3618151104e-05  1.0294989408e-05  3.0138386994e-05  2.8110281342e-05 -6.0004235945e-05  1.8500759713e-05  1.4681064517e-04  4.4072227466e-05 -1.8070853443e-05 -4.2790471077e-05  1.3474149960e-05  1.3179380155e-05 -3.9175349594e-06 -9.8471787858e-11 -1.3332927826e-06  3.1444562851e-06  1.0935762117e-06  1.7507838697e-06 -1.4058005961e-05  3.4929643596e-05  1.3724408284e-05  4.0966260239e-05 -2.5334437000e-06 -1.2907473663e-06 -1.9903248928e-06 -4.4769031524e-07 -4.7808621888e-07 -1.1378611060e-07  4.9646960997e-06  2.5611041986e-05 -1.3161985675e-05  1.2143118244e-05  3.3700426295e-04  6.0360114546e-06 -2.6396382643e-05 -2.7841290511e-06  4.2184618250e-04  1.4752320489e-05 -1.2057371432e-06  5.4047775273e-05  3.2447325181e-05  1.9618912191e-04  6.5428920584e-06  8.0593421477e-06  6.6148307352e-05  9.0997617783e-08 -2.0011207293e-06  9.2631506500e-11 -3.5939508461e-07 -7.0647993544e-07 -3.0277546084e-05  4.4924582436e-10  4.4087062320e-07 -9.7543148780e-08 -1.0366442408e-05
     9.3845488446e-14  5.3819103651e-10  1.1489341012e-09 -9.7797633154e-10 -4.7903311446e-11  1.3616304255e-07  3.4680092151e-07 -3.5375454774e-07 -2.4359458675e-08  1.0725985292e-08 -1.5140656937e-08 -8.5643726924e-10  8.6042347866e-09  7.1499651299e-10  1.0551928804e-09  4.4648990664e-11  7.4934408927e-08  1.5057733250e-07  5.4393995991e-08  3.1533455535e-08  1.2785546125e-06  3.0397530800e-06  1.0401035708e-06  4.4010145300e-07  8.0782835845e-07  4.8064883141e-07  2.3176751688e-07  1.6112842114e-07  6.2227082439e-08  1.0732208638e-07  1.2439142461e-12  1.5714489754e-07 -3.2649286562e-07  1.6935658712e-07 -7.0683492876e-08  1.6139480167e-06 -3.1655194137e-06  1.7873959570e-06 -2.6630833407e-07  7.8105144131e-07 -6.5622275775e-07  2.4522146957e-07  2.3794389161e-07 -1.6107359135e-07  1.6188407068e-07  1.2052628455e-07  1.7418630139e-06 -2.3459454603e-06 -1.3331168227e-06 -1.1502678883e-06  2.9681072892e-06 -3.3710981308e-06 -2.4492446125e-06 -1.8177673655e-06  2.4768765895e-06  1.9179079998e-06  1.4914471482e-06  1.0246062062e-06  7.2601842598e-07  9.9820047741e-07  6.3304955929e-14  7.2395940257e-09 -1.5092673097e-08 -1.4343868473e-08  7.1514575563e-10  2.9475187842e-07 -6.4118234921e-07 -6.9747014586e-07  5.4909496765e-08  6.6820860576e-09  1.0018571349e-08  6.9543635162e-11  5.6306853762e-09  1.1341048401e-10  6.2002743876e-10  6.7515180469e-08  2.4573037168e-06  2.9834529505e-06 -2.1890966191e-06 -4.1705164717e-07  3.3171947093e-06  3.5249129260e-06 -2.9123348255e-06 -5.5851298775e-07  3.3733033198e-06 -3.5456702327e-06 -8.0520702304e-07  2.1286931069e-06  4.5079590298e-07  1.2284661125e-06  4.6155657404e-08  9.1468059272e-07  5.5794034974e-11  7.5743846691e-08  1.3699271310e-12  3.1284589305e-08  6.6119423895e-10  1.8160332162e-07  3.3031531966e-10  2.7718644922e-07  4.3353680650e-08  9.7385932427e-07
    -1.4683226913e-13 -8.8921920880e-10 -1.9905506496e-09  1.5146751596e-09  8.1452968135e-11 -1.9366650129e-07 -5.1071566010e-07  4.6046991848e-07  3.8093110498e-08 -1.9125245301e-08  2.4177507119e-08  1.4956045267e-09 -1.2308593277e-08 -1.1225186522e-09 -1.6973806297e-09 -2.0316196862e-11 -4.5215113710e-08 -9.7508269702e-08 -4.6055488982e-08 -1.6428679884e-08 -1.2059720034e-06 -2.9258648263e-06 -1.2498059320e-06 -2.7776756766e-07 -6.5287389027e-07 -4.9109379689e-07 -1.1783311095e-07 -1.6304563642e-07 -4.7427327998e-08 -7.2756745742e-08 -1.8063995147e-12 -1.5407328370e-07  2.9333421349e-07 -2.0338487980e-07  7.3848213344e-08 -1.6672721734e-06  3.0958606108e-06 -2.2593550334e-06  3.7620629360e-07 -6.5622275775e-07  7.1383167482e-07 -2.7898764397e-07 -3.3424128105e-07  1.5178237628e-07 -1.5641960575e-07 -3.6658282206e-07 -2.9807531216e-06  3.7230911632e-06  1.7464868514e-06  2.2331334688e-06 -3.7988563222e-06  3.8928531013e-06  2.2150678578e-06  2.4099255095e-06 -3.8093580540e-06 -2.0933689054e-06 -2.6445557096e-06 -1.2718748147e-06 -1.0471536143e-06 -1.8086603978e-06 -6.5027594921e-13 -2.2910227565e-08  4.5448691181e-08  4.3852963800e-08 -1.1919724024e-09 -5.0967088622e-07  1.0323286727e-06  1.0802520798e-06 -9.9123857901e-08 -2.2495153114e-08 -3.3786861783e-08 -5.1556488112e-10 -1.9323889256e-08 -9.0723371011e-10 -2.3264285208e-09 -8.5724725797e-08 -3.0881300211e-06 -3.9786563136e-06  2.1953625541e-06  5.8379326403e-07 -3.9112463763e-06 -4.4011783813e-06  2.6417523121e-06  8.1815257248e-07 -4.7937075058e-06  3.8245102821e-06  1.0721380963e-06 -2.1358196427e-06 -6.7018393275e-07 -1.5101209947e-06 -8.4854445172e-08 -1.1616360153e-06 -2.0901083871e-10 -1.4392212998e-07 -4.8850292315e-12 -6.0732472061e-08 -2.4832322391e-09 -3.0218305177e-07 -3.9997191065e-10 -2.8794458896e-07 -4.3072230243e-08 -1.0517035995e-06
    -3.6353448139e-15 -1.1655482103e-11 -2.2569805863e-11  2.0126070032e-11 -1.1527774992e-10  7.3686334729e-09  2.3532912106e-08 -1.9065314848e-08 -5.3170447331e-08 -8.7589605608e-11  1.3536955045e-10 -1.9631927201e-09 -9.3250574963e-11  1.7055458509e-09  7.4838508930e-11  5.8268522800e-12  5.8389540705e-09  1.3071938176e-08  6.6524246119e-09 -1.1733191989e-08  1.5243701882e-07  4.5824428275e-07  2.1321140237e-07 -4.8545029956e-07  1.0222134472e-07  9.6717456755e-08 -1.6609144734e-07  2.7818109114e-08 -5.1217697587e-08 -2.8343702239e-08  1.9907592828e-13  6.9636764438e-08 -1.2242740092e-07  7.3848213344e-08 -1.3654132836e-07  2.9472555390e-07 -4.6125956508e-07  3.7620629360e-07 -8.0396300825e-07  2.4522146957e-07 -2.7898764397e-07  4.8565221203e-07  8.7631595805e-08 -2.7092670446e-07  6.9123820356e-08 -4.4264296176e-08 -2.3367191210e-07  3.5043272377e-07  1.8985914836e-07 -5.0893472891e-07  1.5034111077e-07 -6.6515655386e-08 -1.0537102989e-07 -1.2885867676e-06 -5.2676869847e-07 -3.9078804619e-07  7.1260925602e-07 -2.3551907798e-07  5.6435364721e-07  3.0005493274e-07 -1.0251777898e-14  3.6172495752e-09 -6.8764117070e-09 -6.6098824468e-09 -3.5779455249e-09  7.4698072450e-08 -1.5215274892e-07 -1.8008291628e-07 -9.6247631377e-08  4.0129284394e-09  6.4731912836e-09  2.8130157951e-09  3.7130377688e-09  3.0399734784e-09  4.0836864189e-10 -1.1145992043e-09  1.1589243258e-07  2.0818406628e-07 -9.0385418025e-08 -9.1347465872e-07  3.1179904548e-07  4.9181779303e-07 -2.1008368745e-07 -1.2548744909e-06  2.1539697884e-07 -2.6444472862e-07 -1.5991487574e-06  8.1124706363e-10  1.1892350142e-06  1.3350518207e-07 -5.2225563546e-08 -2.4846152193e-07  8.4144221901e-12  1.1790246588e-08  9.0965103026e-14  5.4304360788e-09  1.1339826337e-09  9.5403093242e-08 -2.7655260419e-10  6.7399458573e-09  4.0819932958e-08  4.2994091360e-07
     7.7202684214e-14  5.1645121066e-10  1.2105250259e-09 -8.2730119900e-10 -4.8564338480e-11  1.0645349841e-07  2.9332867787e-07 -2.3071881627e-07 -2.1710488746e-08  1.2149436741e-08 -1.3820876642e-08 -9.4434965461e-10  6.3328304256e-09  6.3155729576e-10  9.7203816028e-10  3.2915071297e-12  1.1534189295e-08  2.6796774164e-08  1.4231459718e-08  3.2744392657e-09  4.5162493373e-07  1.1194299321e-06  5.3789791304e-07  8.3228847189e-08  2.1332820569e-07  1.7463444675e-07  2.3023708240e-08  6.0123521588e-08  1.1416805355e-08  1.9401201141e-08  7.9070800885e-11  7.5206553463e-08 -1.1742431510e-07  1.2287428627e-07 -2.0002953187e-08  7.8874382947e-07 -1.3044392367e-06  1.2624646171e-06 -1.4354400128e-07  2.3794389161e-07 -3.3424128105e-07  8.7631595805e-08  2.5226529519e-07 -2.9711748966e-08  5.6108090311e-08  3.7982393890e-07  2.2078788491e-06 -2.4076338584e-06 -1.1118159321e-06 -1.8432829721e-06  2.1639314068e-06 -1.8275432874e-06 -7.8904209753e-07 -1.3481803976e-06  2.3471694578e-06  8.5312852815e-07  1.8105476669e-06  7.8640060654e-07  7.1640717631e-07  1.4065963862e-06  4.2375981147e-12  2.8070338038e-08 -5.1225654177e-08 -5.1656072009e-08  1.1656265300e-09  3.8903373664e-07 -7.1381091384e-07 -7.5337872815e-07  7.3040079388e-08  2.8605299859e-08  4.3476286250e-08 -7.3760428969e-10  2.6370416319e-08 -1.0987207992e-10  3.5330060947e-09  3.7906195076e-08  1.4726409932e-06  2.0293093966e-06 -7.7466207321e-07 -2.6482859116e-07  1.8969361874e-06  2.3448568925e-06 -9.0664359418e-07 -4.0155240359e-07  2.5696652747e-06 -1.4195052322e-06 -4.7322763710e-07  7.9096671233e-07  2.7546253953e-07  6.6694353262e-07  6.1710400939e-08  6.7079316790e-07  3.0726044455e-10  1.1401040944e-07  2.1499324016e-11  5.3420720736e-08  3.3205209434e-09  2.2602527595e-07  3.7611369254e-10  1.4882131413e-07  1.6290478039e-08  4.9071136449e-07
     3.2960514142e-15  1.0856341134e-11  2.2146380899e-11 -1.7347830066e-11  1.1059580930e-10 -7.3863488718e-09 -2.2798163140e-08  1.8553638819e-08  4.3885662530e-08  7.3052562157e-11 -1.2059388473e-10  1.9451629353e-09  7.4174735007e-11 -1.5147252084e-09 -8.0015649030e-11 -1.6376990528e-12 -3.0560546502e-09 -8.2541901298e-09 -4.1738268763e-09  4.9876305189e-09 -1.3979140716e-07 -3.9012947229e-07 -1.5258441225e-07  2.4838906056e-07 -8.5239257042e-08 -6.6469874487e-08  7.3849444762e-08 -2.0105754924e-08  2.8064306403e-08  1.2120330606e-08  3.7853705218e-11 -3.7554972008e-08  7.3848213344e-08 -3.4646131222e-08  7.9492088951e-08 -2.1242554560e-07  3.7620629360e-07 -2.4862550334e-07  5.0043089255e-07 -1.6107359135e-07  1.5178237628e-07 -2.7092670446e-07 -2.9711748966e-08  1.6832427093e-07 -3.6714438400e-08  7.7992188658e-08  2.8875944990e-07 -3.7732470597e-07 -2.1994526476e-07  3.3819242327e-07 -1.3201328221e-07  1.1850396214e-07  1.1262779393e-07  9.7803595010e-07  4.7826326246e-07  2.7370244760e-07 -5.1904860463e-07  1.9093594223e-07 -2.6193142166e-07 -2.4238134777e-07 -4.5691539110e-13 -7.8765191855e-09  1.4376926189e-08  1.4357766616e-08  7.7521785710e-09 -8.1067864849e-08  1.5086902817e-07  1.6447633001e-07  1.1174914334e-07 -8.5371994230e-09 -1.4230639901e-08 -6.1699509587e-09 -8.5126938088e-09 -6.9602458439e-09 -9.8574069786e-10  1.6554172519e-09 -1.0670044388e-07 -1.5455172928e-07  1.1244591750e-07  6.4257407178e-07 -2.8718982553e-07 -3.9858680741e-07  2.2235552784e-07  8.7159749451e-07 -1.3268678734e-07  2.3563117226e-07  1.1680128424e-06 -7.8035657406e-08 -7.2152391722e-07 -1.2247323211e-07  5.7728157482e-08  1.8263885460e-07 -1.7673023324e-11 -1.5309430387e-08 -4.6661711157e-13 -6.5240527064e-09 -2.7203121457e-09 -1.0677568648e-07  2.4417829175e-10 -7.2823240032e-09 -2.4493774727e-08 -2.9471889562e-07
     3.9144701219e-16  1.6405718420e-11  3.8471961759e-11 -3.1133509758e-11  5.3421415553e-13  1.2226239560e-08  3.3152679883e-08 -3.2473115616e-08 -3.0703942739e-09  4.9752645834e-10 -6.8200701894e-10 -2.1051503703e-11  3.6591030626e-10  9.8482606534e-12  1.1109178819e-10  3.3942562553e-13  2.4769172073e-09  6.3347387073e-09  2.2914038108e-09  1.1464110694e-10  1.3819215345e-07  3.5444327758e-07  1.0830337341e-07  2.8235586359e-08  6.4200063691e-08  3.3840585159e-08  7.5995906210e-09  9.0859853976e-09  1.2257080301e-09  1.0063724773e-08  7.1862722844e-12  4.5630574041e-08 -7.8832172683e-08  4.5894778954e-08 -1.9241093377e-08  2.7076192965e-07 -4.6416825923e-07  2.8892391053e-07 -5.6994776527e-08  1.6188407068e-07 -1.5641960575e-07  6.9123820356e-08  5.6108090311e-08 -3.6714438400e-08  6.7312614628e-08  5.7017363541e-09  2.3675880441e-07 -2.5407078530e-07 -2.1115201913e-07 -7.5845910290e-08  4.3042436180e-07 -4.0501263615e-07 -3.7391351424e-07 -2.5779247401e-07  2.4474401555e-07  2.7035751103e-07  4.9430053033e-08  2.0842674421e-07 -6.6669045382e-09  2.0843820393e-07  6.7098495366e-14  2.5769295788e-09 -4.5365931134e-09 -5.0943897112e-09 -1.5194835328e-09  5.2109595741e-08 -9.8653856743e-08 -1.1959534791e-07 -5.9189638701e-09  2.2373077594e-09  4.1023932169e-09  1.2879597494e-09  2.7227450952e-09  1.5647334368e-09  4.4511796089e-10  1.1308626087e-09  2.1194384938e-07  2.7052011704e-07 -2.0328887878e-07 -2.9806683199e-08  3.9925562820e-07  4.8240344176e-07 -3.6705523642e-07 -9.2907992069e-08  2.8396140677e-07 -3.4148383914e-07 -5.5621830876e-08  1.8825915457e-07  1.2995842314e-08  1.3620989427e-07  2.7264053184e-08  1.5312392126e-07  7.9264942048e-12  1.1840157765e-08  6.7337528692e-13  6.4245148843e-09  8.4708709388e-10  4.2770685433e-08  2.6173011278e-10  5.2855973812e-08  1.4851480230e-08  1.7754338002e-07
     2.3021217387e-21  7.8272107706e-11  2.8866127209e-10 -1.1636933752e-10  4.9088488985e-11  1.6701067313e-07  5.7325833520e-07 -2.7104452582e-07  8.9685273293e-08  8.7683324365e-09 -6.1529788055e-09  2.7863449944e-09  1.5766193809e-09 -1.0311604214e-09  4.0505872048e-10  4.6453262540e-23  3.3991105390e-11  1.1305390991e-10  8.0507343095e-11  3.8721608387e-11  1.4714921093e-07  4.7696191889e-07  3.0479769960e-07  1.2758938750e-07  4.0132383250e-09  4.6512853639e-09  2.0812279612e-09  1.8426570202e-09  1.4268205602e-09  3.8875979952e-10  2.2860016314e-15  5.7720564980e-08 -7.9208750590e-08  1.4278606419e-07  1.6867751760e-08  1.1067868539e-06 -1.4612377058e-06  2.4934566904e-06  3.7838032207e-07  1.2052628455e-07 -3.6658282206e-07 -4.4264296176e-08  3.7982393890e-07  7.7992188658e-08  5.7017363541e-09  2.0912916727e-06  9.6946745399e-06 -1.1957532475e-05  5.5950872191e-07 -4.8809597915e-06  5.7117546683e-06 -3.1971300151e-06  7.3571830268e-07 -8.5255366281e-07  9.0712270686e-06 -2.0231423537e-06  5.2632798496e-06  3.6181063558e-06  3.8115998083e-06  3.2601013156e-06  1.4703419468e-11  1.0491112777e-07 -1.9519941642e-07 -1.7092067773e-07  1.1268686327e-07  1.2546827590e-06 -2.1378492514e-06 -2.0189967354e-06  1.1174855912e-06  9.8862361635e-08  1.3790549007e-07 -9.5903122899e-08  7.1830700656e-08 -7.7061494961e-08  3.8628499322e-08  1.5529286428e-09  1.4131869556e-06  2.7261960524e-06  7.6330402597e-08  4.7873490690e-07  2.9045395616e-06  4.9350233848e-06  2.1111622534e-07  9.3907174111e-07  3.8321976345e-06  8.8849382020e-08  1.0828478573e-06  1.8264517230e-07  1.5362725709e-07  2.0331143352e-07  4.9397450102e-07  2.4931537480e-06  2.1722010221e-09  5.0051145314e-07  8.7353179234e-11  2.1369137245e-07  4.6038958661e-10  3.7067967344e-07  1.9964596121e-10  2.6173039828e-07  1.6042586207e-09  4.6118388160e-07
     4.8516686061e-06  2.0844798749e-04  3.3449839020e-04 -1.1089229262e-04  5.5307410576e-05  9.1374767546e-04  1.7689876797e-03 -4.5725061305e-04  3.2757894877e-04  1.0092817666e-03 -4.0725903326e-04  2.5234784060e-04  2.1016375730e-04 -7.8394005979e-05  2.0198165158e-04  1.1894298080e-09  2.1652395235e-06  2.8890653615e-06  3.9674969797e-06  1.2674427702e-06  1.0613262614e-04  1.8004086317e-04  2.7489754696e-04  8.2408294852e-05  1.3517684066e-05  2.4419189789e-05  7.5210947672e-06  2.2518932877e-05  1.0390067967e-05  5.4375188513e-06  1.3166748725e-11  4.1035808119e-07 -7.9638086947e-07  9.0621714278e-07  7.3517770868e-08  6.2283063248e-05 -1.3081496318e-04  1.7383059309e-04  1.9489961865e-05  1.7418630139e-06 -2.9807531216e-06 -2.3367191210e-07  2.2078788491e-06  2.8875944990e-07  2.3675880441e-07  9.6946745399e-06  6.2828085304e-04 -8.6172157653e-04  5.4006616903e-04 -9.2360578531e-05  1.2327248767e-03 -1.6588919959e-03  1.1610340475e-03 -1.4753193038e-04  9.7528727102e-04 -8.6892691971e-04  1.4200851549e-04  5.1931604737e-04 -7.8787680268e-05  2.4185329296e-04  6.2405841286e-09  4.8157639463e-05 -1.0713450034e-04 -2.7256373940e-05  2.4986584336e-05  4.3859194095e-04 -1.0335113157e-03 -2.5875531570e-04  2.8641297792e-04  9.6001995830e-05  4.2925257496e-05 -3.6690126915e-05  1.2237669595e-05 -8.7852862781e-06  1.0324283734e-05  1.1698920876e-04  1.5847255248e-03  1.1965503290e-03  1.4839364506e-03  4.9369806421e-04  1.8108021961e-03  1.2387465370e-03  1.6039647541e-03  5.4399793154e-04  1.3364334611e-03  1.3620041341e-03  3.9865965359e-04  1.7276381492e-03  5.3398050055e-04  9.4343562987e-04  5.9650767874e-05  6.3305569579e-04  2.0298811137e-05  4.5110823079e-04  1.9079107833e-08  4.5882157236e-05  1.4890128874e-06  1.6590396553e-04  1.2858184869e-09  1.3081965108e-05  5.3759075783e-08  3.9520269502e-05
    -1.8121307812e-05 -5.9860862090e-04 -9.0094907195e-04  3.3563265596e-04 -1.6100760614e-04 -2.0290491077e-03 -3.5636479990e-03  1.0557101527e-03 -7.4647619666e-04 -2.4000917993e-03  1.0699614738e-03 -6.4152510308e-04 -5.9779890091e-04  2.2534602311e-04 -5.5464371394e-04 -3.7705307608e-09 -5.9724788700e-06 -7.0942604608e-06 -1.1070044228e-05 -3.5529685526e-06 -2.3256458544e-04 -3.4853148976e-04 -6.0355682485e-04 -1.8590295128e-04 -2.9425116105e-05 -5.7238733709e-05 -1.7988581562e-05 -6.0695762399e-05 -2.8317279561e-05 -1.4563455377e-05  1.0343805279e-11 -4.5107296473e-07  1.0064037415e-06 -1.0003509396e-06 -9.4499273828e-08 -9.3084024332e-05  2.1041019139e-04 -2.5742776854e-04 -3.3618151104e-05 -2.3459454603e-06  3.7230911632e-06  3.5043272377e-07 -2.4076338584e-06 -3.7732470597e-07 -2.5407078530e-07 -1.1957532475e-05 -8.6172157653e-04  1.3002638544e-03 -6.9690502413e-04  1.0490777177e-04 -1.9865982454e-03  2.9875098948e-03 -1.8416972577e-03  1.8018531399e-04 -1.4833931802e-03  1.1833093899e-03 -1.7104241279e-04 -6.1511810869e-04  7.1295756804e-05 -2.8596614939e-04  3.1730928513e-09 -4.2522364795e-05  1.0605134606e-04  2.2874466620e-05 -2.2427007657e-05 -6.2714162172e-04  1.5864852639e-03  3.7407837100e-04 -4.2405571442e-04 -7.9141383294e-05 -2.7888194411e-05  2.6527945492e-05 -6.3937302429e-06  4.6120168904e-06 -7.0403097594e-06 -2.9165367837e-04 -3.2888697722e-03 -1.9351446444e-03 -3.1626829445e-03 -1.0983109798e-03 -3.4790737436e-03 -1.8265176913e-03 -3.0489304439e-03 -1.1163835890e-03 -2.3020577255e-03 -2.2450223411e-03 -6.9801476907e-04 -3.7563565841e-03 -1.1977764401e-03 -2.0672742381e-03 -7.8520302204e-05 -1.0369538081e-03 -2.2270985170e-05 -6.9202386780e-04 -1.7160692092e-09 -5.7827807546e-05 -1.2547077009e-06 -2.3596168110e-04 -7.1220578020e-10 -1.8870676365e-05 -5.0266892599e-08 -5.8334931925e-05
     8.6266080753e-06  3.1968304214e-04  5.2803062779e-04 -1.0687114172e-04  8.5192929413e-05  1.3187351925e-03  2.5926912237e-03 -2.9372448758e-04  4.6644827132e-04  1.5967775386e-03 -3.5255605533e-04  3.9162655420e-04  2.2394022265e-04 -6.7833838327e-05  3.0553162019e-04 -1.5828873907e-09 -1.2720889167e-06 -1.8282031227e-06 -1.6399862884e-06 -8.4970450244e-07  4.8557170339e-05  8.0789871681e-05  1.8690966398e-04  3.6087167507e-05 -6.4325018650e-06 -6.4520781073e-06 -3.9805330352e-06 -1.2279388299e-06 -2.7871440522e-06 -2.5069651079e-06 -2.1191387921e-11 -3.1140920428e-07  5.8510519277e-07 -5.4021499307e-07 -6.3477686332e-08  3.0733144727e-05 -6.3696545982e-05  1.2003460273e-04  1.0294989408e-05 -1.3331168227e-06  1.7464868514e-06  1.8985914836e-07 -1.1118159321e-06 -2.1994526476e-07 -2.1115201913e-07  5.5950872191e-07  5.4006616903e-04 -6.9690502413e-04  7.2517688961e-04 -4.8426421071e-05  1.3815462725e-03 -1.8416972577e-03  1.8156258471e-03 -1.5584382319e-04  6.8318399480e-04 -1.0654158169e-03  7.1295756804e-05  6.6114092787e-04 -8.5372800739e-05  1.6240143667e-04  1.1560242273e-08  7.7486725626e-05 -1.7325390377e-04 -3.1593153381e-05  4.3050587895e-05  6.4254879630e-04 -1.5137500015e-03 -2.2336562209e-04  4.3550331153e-04  1.5903344925e-04  5.5094139598e-05 -6.4004167989e-05  1.5907349952e-05 -1.1863548797e-05  1.8479912108e-05  4.0895608373e-05  1.3879000590e-03  9.5811510306e-04  1.9155468807e-03  3.8045013990e-04  2.0255636867e-03  1.4106407470e-03  2.5333953233e-03  6.0108765262e-04  9.5585824708e-04  1.7142536623e-03  2.8806198263e-04  2.1444268553e-03  6.6140548817e-04  6.5082646384e-04  5.0948994164e-05  7.2831038665e-04  4.5928407349e-05  7.6964823179e-04  3.0193250233e-08  6.7851753740e-05  2.1594937377e-06  2.3287168617e-04 -1.2671031468e-09  7.4167455427e-06 -3.0251307903e-08  2.4657051919e-05
    -2.5767174000e-06 -7.9549765082e-05 -1.3018088408e-04  4.3161446312e-05  6.1730834345e-05 -2.1857518931e-04 -4.4214394376e-04  1.0308615363e-04  4.4938068158e-04 -3.6219640022e-04  1.4352666644e-04  2.9668530865e-04 -7.2834784374e-05 -9.1878688895e-05  4.3436722281e-06 -1.1729819346e-09 -1.4819528979e-06 -2.0362966435e-06 -2.8219182247e-06  1.1700375367e-07 -4.2801160513e-05 -7.8210386827e-05 -1.1234505804e-04  3.7089492440e-05 -9.2113591379e-06 -1.6684762554e-05  1.6361294038e-06 -1.5131767959e-05  2.3176624701e-06 -1.3817434839e-07 -6.0494666083e-12 -3.1942335517e-07  5.6367578952e-07 -7.3196116566e-07  1.2185773255e-07 -2.3731919008e-05  4.4733430251e-05 -6.4966090275e-05  3.0138386994e-05 -1.1502678883e-06  2.2331334688e-06 -5.0893472891e-07 -1.8432829721e-06  3.3819242327e-07 -7.5845910290e-08 -4.8809597915e-06 -9.2360578531e-05  1.0490777177e-04 -4.8426421071e-05  3.1989928668e-04 -1.7758652172e-04  1.8018531399e-04 -1.5584382319e-04  6.7085273538e-04 -9.8751383066e-05  7.1295756804e-05 -4.9530789999e-04 -4.9290009488e-05  2.8128753953e-04 -1.1254811402e-04 -5.1411786948e-09 -3.1652478067e-05  7.0071499176e-05  2.0670276674e-05  2.4443731365e-07 -1.7624445643e-04  4.0248043123e-04  1.1919434195e-04  1.0512834723e-04 -6.9307956458e-05 -3.4939397032e-05  7.0014641832e-06 -1.0108129575e-05  3.3617391255e-06 -2.5788236387e-06 -5.5417711794e-05 -4.8836933467e-04 -4.4477170018e-04 -5.0724430925e-04  6.7488086246e-04 -4.0151630602e-04 -3.4743201875e-04 -3.6128083260e-04  8.4725042395e-04 -5.4424530958e-04 -5.2846387427e-04  6.2611705756e-04 -6.3045739194e-04  6.9799261631e-04  2.0677737830e-05  5.2602739926e-05  1.7220652173e-04 -7.2325607293e-06 -1.1785694050e-04 -8.9243106150e-09 -1.3433054595e-05 -2.4125046420e-06 -1.3342394327e-04 -3.9592996120e-10 -2.1425501949e-06 -8.2482584380e-08 -2.9644238592e-05
     3.2861043633e-03  2.0871852135e-02  1.5380665050e-02 -4.7484173367e-03  2.5974562771e-03  3.2897001999e-02  2.9922338601e-02 -2.6682880519e-03  6.6773055048e-03  2.9933473015e-02 -6.4002123994e-04  3.6395498510e-03  1.7276237702e-02 -8.9536830092e-04  2.0711959486e-02  1.5954696584e-07  9.6545176241e-05  2.0343867342e-05  1.8720757173e-04  3.3652101970e-05  2.1171320808e-03  7.9067314381e-04  5.7786219065e-03  1.0782351735e-03  1.5332619832e-04  9.8517379948e-05  4.3187700520e-06  9.4647988327e-04  2.2709398565e-04  2.0442943672e-04  1.8627275186e-11  5.4448056226e-07 -1.2172964989e-06  1.0067977441e-06 -4.0167697240e-08  1.7903605403e-04 -4.6610763948e-04  5.4434982696e-04  2.8110281342e-05  2.9681072892e-06 -3.7988563222e-06  1.5034111077e-07  2.1639314068e-06 -1.3201328221e-07  4.3042436180e-07  5.7117546683e-06  1.2327248767e-03 -1.9865982454e-03  1.3815462725e-03 -1.7758652172e-04  7.8301425328e-03 -1.4837804150e-02  1.0608578837e-02 -1.1165207898e-03  1.7781979593e-03 -1.7648870928e-03  2.1363566377e-04  1.0294378164e-03 -1.7181615607e-04  4.2293592922e-04  2.3971093323e-08  1.8021924985e-04 -4.4948699688e-04 -1.8011197133e-05  5.7929198174e-05  3.4306940005e-03 -9.6000246825e-03 -1.6860055402e-04  1.6150850706e-03  3.3734370153e-04  3.0931970432e-05 -6.7729497838e-05  2.3281004149e-05 -1.3276970280e-06  3.4483218285e-05  1.0031361407e-03  1.7200294992e-02 -3.3114943690e-03  1.9750857194e-02  2.4048156829e-03  2.5485353901e-02 -2.7786687240e-03  3.0690061432e-02  4.7784323725e-03  9.6803216553e-03 -3.2656942716e-03 -9.4016628949e-04  2.3524964268e-02  2.7142009979e-03  1.1091194737e-02  1.5594660519e-04  4.5436738828e-03  2.9908363098e-04  6.2850656561e-03  3.7670110847e-08  2.6187239637e-04  1.3407132933e-05  1.6845587283e-03  1.1803793916e-09  3.5118512472e-05  1.5630335302e-07  1.7642447955e-04
    -1.1036114458e-02 -6.3091405294e-02 -3.7531793686e-02  1.5731909380e-02 -7.9954527997e-03 -8.9037196960e-02 -6.0976355675e-02  1.1705750944e-02 -1.8496543650e-02 -7.4454111122e-02  1.2561882175e-03 -8.5033952158e-03 -5.2732588538e-02  3.0707167353e-03 -6.1931374214e-02 -4.9273086342e-07 -2.9626195556e-04 -1.8386485344e-05 -5.8188583451e-04 -1.0635294299e-04 -6.1474259871e-03 -8.8071999409e-04 -1.6576605134e-02 -3.2205309372e-03 -4.2912272902e-04  2.2283971348e-05  4.1026212792e-05 -2.9527042118e-03 -7.3082533642e-04 -6.2801250416e-04  1.2081361174e-11 -5.1474128607e-07  1.2986805171e-06 -9.0865476341e-07  2.6401378504e-08 -2.9572667194e-04  8.4823673608e-04 -8.9862294359e-04 -6.0004235945e-05 -3.3710981308e-06  3.8928531013e-06 -6.6515655386e-08 -1.8275432874e-06  1.1850396214e-07 -4.0501263615e-07 -3.1971300151e-06 -1.6588919959e-03  2.9875098948e-03 -1.8416972577e-03  1.8018531399e-04 -1.4837804150e-02  3.1331460662e-02 -1.9647646976e-02  1.7739157712e-03 -2.5427432284e-03  2.3056294548e-03 -2.0935890827e-04 -1.1792434106e-03  1.6307346714e-04 -4.7730540832e-04  1.1603730983e-08 -1.7556969915e-04  4.7878884718e-04  1.0522990671e-05 -5.3463469740e-05 -5.6368075402e-03  1.6882654434e-02  2.9194364486e-04 -2.6771585181e-03 -2.9789320272e-04 -1.5749600618e-05  4.9623629068e-05 -1.4558635400e-05 -6.6771161743e-07 -2.3099950672e-05 -2.3974516327e-03 -4.2022809430e-02  1.6348592832e-02 -4.6959776652e-02 -6.1045144425e-03 -6.1669745573e-02  1.9961247268e-02 -7.1172193753e-02 -1.2289048387e-02 -2.5908174361e-02  1.8003193850e-02  3.3916039114e-03 -5.5518796870e-02 -6.6396284601e-03 -2.6901052304e-02 -2.0699921193e-04 -8.7707894178e-03 -3.5771747462e-04 -1.1188785544e-02 -6.9228459316e-09 -3.7358631867e-04 -1.2347028060e-05 -2.8235833557e-03 -5.8414498587e-10 -5.5831056387e-05 -1.4035453060e-07 -3.0426596655e-04
     5.2478266107e-03  3.1548293556e-02  2.4499234356e-02  1.9441684547e-03  3.9651762847e-03  5.1433229251e-02  5.1266365378e-02  1.4623434818e-02  1.0456664754e-02  4.8178541185e-02  1.0126455974e-02  5.9272458458e-03  2.3953593579e-02  9.8660563148e-04  3.1623302027e-02 -1.9233456461e-07 -4.2827157419e-05 -1.6766369214e-05 -5.4520507299e-05 -2.0479070405e-05  1.0572978464e-03  5.9739540165e-04  3.9949948416e-03  4.4823837941e-04 -5.9427108821e-05 -3.3517176011e-05 -1.1541918195e-05  1.9176753452e-05 -5.0380648918e-05 -7.6786618144e-05 -2.5322687468e-11 -4.0378456818e-07  9.4567908372e-07 -5.2015263816e-07  3.1507826444e-08  1.1355080437e-04 -2.9510279847e-04  4.6277955984e-04  1.8500759713e-05 -2.4492446125e-06  2.2150678578e-06 -1.0537102989e-07 -7.8904209753e-07  1.1262779393e-07 -3.7391351424e-07  7.3571830268e-07  1.1610340475e-03 -1.8416972577e-03  1.8156258471e-03 -1.5584382319e-04  1.0608578837e-02 -1.9647646976e-02  1.8134684002e-02 -1.5059137417e-03  1.3311557864e-03 -2.0425095017e-03  1.6307346714e-04  1.2783862252e-03 -1.8710063111e-04  3.0302254231e-04  4.7174479410e-08  3.1387832109e-04 -7.8970604443e-04  2.5959782789e-05  1.0804138231e-04  6.0979282990e-03 -1.7048755073e-02  1.2015252680e-03  2.9969818317e-03  5.8647060272e-04 -1.5298832083e-05 -1.2284908387e-04  3.4731096660e-05  5.7493720258e-06  6.1291239750e-05  3.4245996328e-04  1.5872206022e-02 -1.5302822001e-03  2.4157599972e-02  1.8753785209e-03  3.2309422534e-02 -4.3073553049e-04  5.1254651748e-02  5.8347232926e-03  6.6523835069e-03 -2.2127894924e-03 -4.2744276928e-04  2.8385537508e-02  3.1769240544e-03  8.0146107278e-03  1.4210942688e-04  6.3061169452e-03  7.3805392673e-04  1.3182814474e-02  6.3237246788e-08  4.6904119876e-04  2.1156033594e-05  2.8893257371e-03 -9.6206301136e-10  2.5547597637e-05 -8.9935765463e-08  1.4099531922e-04
    -1.5701621760e-03 -8.7290747910e-03 -6.5969276828e-03  2.0528061689e-03  9.5667092746e-03 -1.0761385003e-02 -1.0212422212e-02  8.8980787769e-04  2.5861452701e-02 -1.2306071316e-02  3.1564917469e-04  1.3845717341e-02 -7.0124246731e-03 -3.1782975820e-03 -5.2126481797e-03 -1.4514887546e-07 -7.1068617326e-05 -1.8127729845e-05 -1.4341685367e-04  2.6880863503e-05 -1.1690381730e-03 -5.2629948623e-04 -3.2810732655e-03  1.3724747296e-03 -1.1472745329e-04 -9.8441377310e-05  4.0790730979e-05 -7.1534327193e-04  2.3731069949e-04 -6.1812922630e-05 -7.4431176012e-12 -3.4472688613e-07  7.5922789337e-07 -6.3578432730e-07  3.2623447870e-07 -7.8745341790e-05  1.9143542839e-04 -2.3874886793e-04  1.4681064517e-04 -1.8177673655e-06  2.4099255095e-06 -1.2885867676e-06 -1.3481803976e-06  9.7803595010e-07 -2.5779247401e-07 -8.5255366281e-07 -1.4753193038e-04  1.8018531399e-04 -1.5584382319e-04  6.7085273538e-04 -1.1165207898e-03  1.7739157712e-03 -1.5059137417e-03  6.3777763496e-03 -1.2087342204e-04  1.6307346714e-04 -8.2671721794e-04 -1.0802259974e-04  5.2485043912e-04 -1.5888385725e-04 -1.6932250463e-08 -1.2959172083e-04  3.2608701179e-04  2.0117887105e-05  4.1769630004e-05 -1.7925942656e-03  4.9926811397e-03  2.1432602814e-04  1.7521125095e-03 -2.6125699537e-04 -2.9858389897e-05 -4.1732801472e-05 -1.8405244501e-05 -1.6188370102e-06 -1.3493867192e-05 -4.5835547139e-04 -6.5469981495e-03  1.0675267489e-03 -7.9100527741e-03  9.5198104212e-03 -7.6509478942e-03  1.0803895588e-04 -9.4366538668e-03  1.9851944438e-02 -4.0173194110e-03  1.2249974840e-03 -1.7441719236e-03 -9.7386583182e-03  1.1337326362e-02 -2.8050451275e-03  1.5461979750e-04  2.1694495316e-03 -1.2421943863e-04 -2.0727859179e-03 -1.1491825193e-08 -8.8524216203e-05 -2.4223905134e-05 -1.9143426593e-03  2.6448544500e-11 -4.1903131113e-06 -2.5018456287e-07 -1.8266116158e-04
     1.3485042388e-06  1.8660702668e-04  3.3016111208e-04 -1.2997922675e-04  6.1525466730e-05  1.1203983884e-03  2.2535659748e-03 -8.3365183526e-04  4.7832693245e-04  1.1620208974e-03 -6.5381392373e-04  3.4683242866e-04  2.5857582432e-04 -1.3479787438e-04  1.8646258212e-04  8.2178180928e-10  3.1566955412e-06  4.9688928230e-06  5.8728021771e-06  2.2246258089e-06  1.8764144343e-04  3.3698893739e-04  4.6602824333e-04  1.6813910500e-04  2.6046259231e-05  4.6158725746e-05  1.7087600875e-05  3.6003808072e-05  2.0641073737e-05  9.3356981624e-06  7.4683319323e-12  4.3367168349e-07 -1.0196591830e-06  9.8182897900e-07  1.2794269156e-07  1.0267453818e-04 -2.2993947487e-04  2.7504226717e-04  4.4072227466e-05  2.4768765895e-06 -3.8093580540e-06 -5.2676869847e-07  2.3471694578e-06  4.7826326246e-07  2.4474401555e-07  9.0712270686e-06  9.7528727102e-04 -1.4833931802e-03  6.8318399480e-04 -9.8751383066e-05  1.7781979593e-03 -2.5427432284e-03  1.3311557864e-03 -1.2087342204e-04  1.8505128693e-03 -1.2805745779e-03  1.8845231394e-04  6.1619586143e-04 -7.2099122461e-05  3.0023505161e-04  1.6072301050e-09  2.8909838608e-05 -7.2523350187e-05 -2.1358303658e-05  1.7517310945e-05  4.7338726637e-04 -1.1761688949e-03 -3.8513501573e-04  3.5130134520e-04  4.9552584521e-05  2.3200579147e-05 -1.8772117053e-05  5.7188202173e-06 -4.8701381867e-06  4.5085537703e-06  2.5208833951e-04  2.7956181871e-03  2.4042026140e-03  2.2469052355e-03  1.1558107527e-03  2.6926020964e-03  1.8385731338e-03  1.8869265331e-03  9.8011432151e-04  2.5787180108e-03  2.4051482771e-03  1.1878711342e-03  2.5820140509e-03  1.1031490183e-03  1.6986864492e-03  7.8786021147e-05  9.0420336211e-04  9.0316003722e-06  4.3943854401e-04  5.0992498199e-09  4.5107816802e-05  5.6102715845e-07  1.6560317520e-04  7.5831094768e-10  2.0729714993e-05  3.8512998760e-08  5.7203126885e-05
    -1.1081521172e-06 -1.7258310282e-04 -3.2804095433e-04  8.5795427200e-05 -5.6374699489e-05 -1.1779812086e-03 -2.5530912917e-03  5.2677503894e-04 -4.8034972433e-04 -1.2769964921e-03  4.6407492647e-04 -3.5271565968e-04 -1.6227398186e-04  8.6962828639e-05 -1.7582447721e-04  6.0833910658e-10  1.2555350395e-06  2.1945595453e-06  1.7102191112e-06  9.5360341061e-07 -5.8670318545e-05 -1.1199754269e-04 -2.2588685083e-04 -4.9611309600e-05  9.5570081014e-06  9.4810891350e-06  6.1467107766e-06  2.2996525291e-06  3.8330005476e-06  2.9664360411e-06 -2.6121725245e-11  3.0996959199e-07 -7.4623662830e-07  4.8704766439e-07  9.4267358670e-08 -4.6901944669e-05  9.7381992277e-05 -1.7884553580e-04 -1.8070853443e-05  1.9179079998e-06 -2.0933689054e-06 -3.9078804619e-07  8.5312852815e-07  2.7370244760e-07  2.7035751103e-07 -2.0231423537e-06 -8.6892691971e-04  1.1833093899e-03 -1.0654158169e-03  7.1295756804e-05 -1.7648870928e-03  2.3056294548e-03 -2.0425095017e-03  1.6307346714e-04 -1.2805745779e-03  1.8485875843e-03 -1.2487934328e-04 -9.5468225793e-04  9.5665570050e-05 -2.2602803577e-04  5.1191874931e-09 -6.7278869745e-05  1.6101519299e-04  3.6373289304e-05 -4.1223789288e-05 -6.8704011768e-04  1.6243023730e-03  3.7315444786e-04 -5.0574164006e-04 -1.3482435033e-04 -5.2102993971e-05  5.5193559618e-05 -1.0153756731e-05  1.0862228774e-05 -1.2484196379e-05 -5.8143205281e-05 -1.8584239284e-03 -1.6428459725e-03 -2.3642619706e-03 -6.3246315577e-04 -2.3658242969e-03 -1.9023127255e-03 -2.5949102865e-03 -7.9882624382e-04 -1.6617573527e-03 -2.8651690423e-03 -6.7987242540e-04 -2.4868140259e-03 -1.0777920802e-03 -8.5775911680e-04 -6.7005667069e-05 -9.0540304525e-04 -2.6985345851e-05 -7.1366341360e-04 -3.7507123338e-09 -7.1306645010e-05 -1.2268668997e-06 -2.3374738693e-04  6.6950524708e-10 -1.0937258663e-05  3.0758295727e-08 -3.3606180221e-05
     3.3031268375e-07  4.0442043706e-05  7.6309359874e-05 -2.7351583470e-05 -2.7769490046e-05  1.7899297248e-04  4.0718832747e-04 -1.2230653100e-04 -3.6858632230e-04  2.7415997353e-04 -1.3927682943e-04 -1.8951851542e-04  4.9977979120e-05  6.8262569977e-05 -1.6322506852e-05  4.5439091566e-10  1.3305871368e-06  2.3330572447e-06  2.5466498636e-06  5.1510966422e-08  5.1379371016e-05  1.0659511770e-04  1.2903027658e-04 -3.9843481267e-05  1.2859937997e-05  2.1272713143e-05 -1.0723345491e-06  1.4858692711e-05 -1.0995903191e-06 -3.5859446243e-07 -7.3105650151e-12  3.0379257886e-07 -6.6278736352e-07  7.1885799151e-07 -1.7075084921e-07  3.3065574134e-05 -6.4128939682e-05  8.9443422803e-05 -4.2790471077e-05  1.4914471482e-06 -2.6445557096e-06  7.1260925602e-07  1.8105476669e-06 -5.1904860463e-07  4.9430053033e-08  5.2632798496e-06  1.4200851549e-04 -1.7104241279e-04  7.1295756804e-05 -4.9530789999e-04  2.1363566377e-04 -2.0935890827e-04  1.6307346714e-04 -8.2671721794e-04  1.8845231394e-04 -1.2487934328e-04  9.0070515483e-04  5.5232542620e-05 -3.9149204188e-04  1.6500216888e-04 -2.3290069896e-09  2.6990820491e-05 -6.4359363484e-05 -2.0707896175e-05  1.3964690830e-06  1.8266426522e-04 -4.1697653609e-04 -1.5696628338e-04 -9.5206186655e-05  5.7853982960e-05  2.9706484469e-05 -8.2643097668e-06  6.7087425963e-06 -1.3671533016e-06  1.4904569386e-06  8.1004553101e-05  6.3279840297e-04  7.6368491341e-04  5.6970203328e-04 -8.5119977581e-04  4.4030114678e-04  4.4051771112e-04  3.2702523120e-04 -9.3013236946e-04  9.4979549971e-04  8.1817110168e-04 -1.0426540864e-03  6.8809852755e-04 -7.7012184934e-04 -1.9714423130e-04 -7.5354255159e-05 -2.1426070333e-04  4.5529631036e-06  1.0712058350e-04  9.2015947523e-10  1.3832026373e-05  1.3746893905e-06  1.2824677438e-04 -1.8233042226e-10  2.5544459738e-06  7.3731955507e-08  3.7810904826e-05
     3.1130059129e-07  6.0952209104e-05  1.2368551570e-04 -2.0021855186e-05  1.9760225363e-05  5.4889626923e-04  1.2824532298e-03 -1.5205062065e-04  2.1834388427e-04  5.4479904341e-04 -1.1788974654e-04  1.4024489293e-04  4.4226701857e-05 -2.0610530463e-05  6.5221929518e-05  1.5175000625e-10  2.8623430850e-07  5.3284979521e-07  3.7578762090e-07  2.2553830959e-07  3.0366660584e-05  6.3526322295e-05  9.1178625540e-05  2.5650510447e-05  2.9460239801e-06  3.3820243956e-06  1.8319473006e-06  1.8759353087e-06  1.2984813105e-06  8.2550375792e-07  3.0759568990e-11  2.2594807997e-07 -4.4277233097e-07  3.8222376625e-07  7.0915342571e-08  3.4234711247e-05 -6.5912653294e-05  1.1022488490e-04  1.3474149960e-05  1.0246062062e-06 -1.2718748147e-06 -2.3551907798e-07  7.8640060654e-07  1.9093594223e-07  2.0842674421e-07  3.6181063558e-06  5.1931604737e-04 -6.1511810869e-04  6.6114092787e-04 -4.9290009488e-05  1.0294378164e-03 -1.1792434106e-03  1.2783862252e-03 -1.0802259974e-04  6.1619586143e-04 -9.5468225793e-04  5.5232542620e-05  6.9346328480e-04 -9.8116678021e-05  1.4576257395e-04  1.1511103810e-08  8.1209669843e-05 -1.7252486686e-04 -3.9256751660e-05  4.9832735658e-05  4.9295201591e-04 -1.0785757077e-03 -2.0524008963e-04  3.5975167823e-04  1.7367954922e-04  7.4884191627e-05 -8.0992478955e-05  1.9618814248e-05 -1.7973062165e-05  2.0285772182e-05  9.5708627153e-06  7.1558690433e-04  7.0689906362e-04  8.9660142227e-04  2.2607598167e-04  1.1646309016e-03  1.1062440077e-03  1.3767935247e-03  3.7940180244e-04  6.9401903119e-04  1.1437506261e-03  2.6840356521e-04  1.0312838220e-03  3.5823166568e-04  2.7655212762e-04  4.3385318614e-05  5.2946023320e-04  3.3633117946e-05  5.2181103655e-04  3.7853079947e-08  5.8730050498e-05  1.4134109761e-06  1.6448566605e-04  1.1867251290e-09  8.2499642369e-06  2.4271435236e-08  2.2119508925e-05
    -1.5747671127e-07 -2.2604025859e-05 -4.5744672365e-05  1.0894512630e-05  1.5293492012e-05 -1.2895119125e-04 -3.1257491972e-04  5.7282923051e-05  2.3035461634e-04 -1.8501119375e-04  6.1003602469e-05  1.1643081064e-04 -1.9806878813e-05 -2.6545339469e-05  8.7376772730e-06  1.9455053887e-10  3.0187702232e-07  5.8652444072e-07  4.3534714533e-07  2.2812809897e-08 -1.1468776756e-05 -2.5158898293e-05 -4.3157670110e-05  5.6837664003e-06  2.8034101851e-06  2.6957086698e-06 -3.3195251914e-07  6.3506262333e-07 -1.6193232837e-07 -9.1296868129e-08  1.5101006204e-11  1.8411024354e-07 -3.2519115266e-07  3.3825177279e-07 -1.3105578471e-07 -1.1709578334e-05  2.1221367748e-05 -4.2486106558e-05  1.3179380155e-05  7.2601842598e-07 -1.0471536143e-06  5.6435364721e-07  7.1640717631e-07 -2.6193142166e-07 -6.6669045382e-09  3.8115998083e-06 -7.8787680268e-05  7.1295756804e-05 -8.5372800739e-05  2.8128753953e-04 -1.7181615607e-04  1.6307346714e-04 -1.8710063111e-04  5.2485043912e-04 -7.2099122461e-05  9.5665570050e-05 -3.9149204188e-04 -9.8116678021e-05  4.3728772185e-04 -1.2051799512e-04 -9.5192766226e-09 -5.2170974430e-05  1.0823211516e-04  3.4418686043e-05 -8.7102971157e-06 -1.8360328081e-04  3.8879225935e-04  1.1038904267e-04  8.1388489545e-05 -1.2233724932e-04 -6.9792640295e-05  2.9757034661e-05 -1.8484216289e-05  1.2139657728e-05 -4.2176112312e-06 -1.0959346712e-05 -2.8888735007e-04 -3.3128830810e-04 -3.7411595273e-04  3.0225395778e-04 -2.8894118551e-04 -3.1267752019e-04 -3.0829932728e-04  4.8427036893e-04 -3.9148105209e-04 -5.7930831838e-04  3.8754510325e-04 -4.1593859537e-04  4.5255346937e-04  4.6900151024e-05  4.0892726636e-05  1.1729154524e-04 -8.5882435548e-06 -1.1972033086e-04 -2.1007835488e-08 -1.6325280958e-05 -2.1783643554e-06 -1.1996260351e-04 -6.4093660094e-11 -1.2534392278e-06  3.5008846520e-08 -1.5698059360e-05
     3.3472136914e-08  9.7910062516e-06  1.9379083013e-05 -6.4840233703e-06 -2.9796831780e-06  1.3912207278e-04  3.2634194144e-04 -1.0753315460e-04 -1.7038207157e-06  9.2012981216e-05 -4.5600571059e-05 -1.7498839037e-05  1.5684455903e-05  5.3382849357e-06  1.7216982944e-05  8.5188094801e-11  3.6186127502e-07  6.9882120109e-07  6.9776795331e-07 -7.1001971595e-09  3.0950832891e-05  6.6417960960e-05  7.6204311539e-05  7.6133213603e-06  4.7068453015e-06  7.1842193618e-06 -2.0147422970e-07  4.5783543658e-06 -1.4213173223e-07  4.4126347143e-07  2.5261374135e-12  2.5486109599e-07 -4.7572945032e-07  5.7176763628e-07 -7.0160557013e-08  3.3182950011e-05 -6.2059470636e-05  8.9301729788e-05 -3.9175349594e-06  9.9820047741e-07 -1.8086603978e-06  3.0005493274e-07  1.4065963862e-06 -2.4238134777e-07  2.0843820393e-07  3.2601013156e-06  2.4185329296e-04 -2.8596614939e-04  1.6240143667e-04 -1.1254811402e-04  4.2293592922e-04 -4.7730540832e-04  3.0302254231e-04 -1.5888385725e-04  3.0023505161e-04 -2.2602803577e-04  1.6500216888e-04  1.4576257395e-04 -1.2051799512e-04  2.4040617352e-04  2.9808286095e-09  2.3265466491e-05 -4.9006648724e-05 -1.9783125722e-05  3.5758198393e-06  1.5990039823e-04 -3.4444174011e-04 -1.3979319770e-04  3.9507019467e-05  4.6002221802e-05  3.0773831974e-05 -7.6054833510e-06  9.5267009317e-06 -3.1491559658e-06  3.5320910964e-06  1.3502107703e-05  3.7079824728e-04  4.0642706069e-04  2.5960640255e-04 -7.9643384264e-05  4.9434952824e-04  4.8134246378e-04  3.2954161742e-04 -2.9286796733e-06  4.5318980399e-04  3.6793440786e-04 -1.6952815892e-04  2.6255429197e-04 -9.4925430276e-05  2.7691438548e-04  4.1592549844e-05  2.0645902878e-04  3.0969878790e-06  1.1426595215e-04  1.0026104156e-08  1.7437251747e-05  1.6667337329e-06  8.6453131648e-05  7.6607161536e-10  6.5564484045e-06  8.5099810270e-08  2.7150810770e-05
     5.1639077551e-30  3.4780838863e-15  1.5979862498e-14  4.4085943401e-16 -1.9847357596e-15  3.2933298380e-10  1.5288371747e-09  1.8960400257e-10 -1.0387249304e-10  1.4079718247e-12  9.4730795656e-14 -2.6905474918e-13  3.9367230346e-14 -2.2307611974e-14  3.9252743175e-14  1.1274258387e-44  5.7937473985e-20  2.7131354599e-19  2.5767127499e-19  2.4152040216e-20  5.8845165351e-12  2.4489476927e-11  2.2720812813e-11  1.5175361048e-12  2.4602063793e-16  3.9283088051e-16  3.7821520745e-17  2.1136152324e-16  3.4997694835e-17  2.4083449272e-18  1.2537262403e-26  2.8307225344e-13 -1.0278790194e-13  1.1698176215e-12 -7.4515876504e-14  6.6123635466e-10 -9.5181194765e-11  2.7354281502e-09 -9.8471787858e-11  6.3304955929e-14 -6.5027594921e-13 -1.0251777898e-14  4.2375981147e-12 -4.5691539110e-13  6.7098495366e-14  1.4703419468e-11  6.2405841286e-09  3.1730928513e-09  1.1560242273e-08 -5.1411786948e-09  2.3971093323e-08  1.1603730983e-08  4.7174479410e-08 -1.6932250463e-08  1.6072301050e-09  5.1191874931e-09 -2.3290069896e-09  1.1511103810e-08 -9.5192766226e-09  2.9808286095e-09  3.7132611222e-08  1.0902711655e-07 -1.2701932840e-07  3.4817343092e-08  7.5897085390e-08  7.0757085221e-08 -4.6170600459e-08  1.7927479275e-08  1.8369209970e-08  1.2470919191e-07 -9.9284717907e-08 -8.1300618395e-08  4.4200530556e-08  1.6117348596e-08  3.6851226537e-08  1.7552039703e-19  7.3428047116e-11  1.9600769626e-10  1.0984686068e-10 -1.9444560638e-11  4.6236001576e-09  1.2357340618e-08  8.8800072840e-09 -1.0966295108e-09  9.3047983484e-11  8.2939127856e-11 -1.4946689354e-11  2.6033464464e-11 -8.1731152369e-12  1.2746130632e-12  3.9261399959e-11  8.0047086011e-09  5.2337934232e-08  5.7259842126e-08  2.2150687055e-09  2.2964577448e-08  3.7750194904e-09  2.8356346540e-08  2.6122116657e-15  3.2550200630e-10  1.2896891936e-13  7.4105987161e-10
     3.3163608059e-08  7.4804432184e-06  1.6233455798e-05  2.5706878359e-06 -2.0358208269e-06  1.2096798092e-04  3.0357080073e-04  5.5423661959e-05 -4.5636354761e-05  8.7558894416e-05  2.4962281036e-05 -1.8337119952e-05  9.0876743774e-06 -2.9978616085e-06  9.8513136344e-06  1.2320907074e-14  7.3732524875e-10  1.3928534572e-09  2.0047041866e-09 -9.1770807527e-11  2.2793852144e-06  5.2703754089e-06  8.5260576736e-06 -7.6587933883e-08  1.8772272331e-08  4.2797378933e-08 -1.8421253899e-09  3.9323175771e-08 -2.4061442696e-09  2.4631747603e-09  1.6462339917e-14  3.1084264194e-09 -4.5571030469e-09  9.4433455930e-09 -1.5227129867e-09  4.0226480416e-06 -6.7090980935e-06  1.5230023290e-05 -1.3332927826e-06  7.2395940257e-09 -2.2910227565e-08  3.6172495752e-09  2.8070338038e-08 -7.8765191855e-09  2.5769295788e-09  1.0491112777e-07  4.8157639463e-05 -4.2522364795e-05  7.7486725626e-05 -3.1652478067e-05  1.8021924985e-04 -1.7556969915e-04  3.1387832109e-04 -1.2959172083e-04  2.8909838608e-05 -6.7278869745e-05  2.6990820491e-05  8.1209669843e-05 -5.2170974430e-05  2.3265466491e-05  1.0902711655e-07  5.2032090796e-05 -1.0463903883e-04  3.5415373820e-06  6.0590547751e-06  2.0499367056e-04 -4.2136249913e-04  2.6282961581e-05  2.3369894387e-05  1.1746306437e-04 -5.0961241718e-06 -9.1214199881e-06  1.1847173689e-05  1.2180935765e-06  1.4235908819e-05  2.0434873194e-07  5.3029475269e-05  5.9310611936e-05  8.5364596256e-05 -1.6943011064e-05  2.0067865027e-04  2.2218728235e-04  3.4386778762e-04 -6.8146649711e-05  4.6023636352e-05  8.9421989426e-05 -1.8225258664e-05  8.3479642198e-05 -2.3709496996e-05  1.5750035484e-05  1.2589985097e-06  6.1175133494e-05  6.0068194473e-05  2.7203509281e-04  3.7570366217e-08  2.3591180812e-05  5.3327387152e-06  1.1131478157e-04  8.6782910888e-12  9.1865030170e-07  2.3569455531e-09  5.0593379814e-06
    -1.6493617191e-07 -2.8175063857e-05 -5.9079874953e-05 -9.4620880686e-06  7.6887502600e-06 -3.6734193882e-04 -8.8827989521e-04 -1.7101055847e-04  1.3982368508e-04 -2.9321506123e-04 -8.5384845819e-05  6.3436006647e-05 -3.2557225976e-05  1.0662862439e-05 -3.5430393120e-05 -5.4964554597e-14 -2.7204817138e-09 -4.8509530684e-09 -7.4258847246e-09  3.2982364507e-10 -6.7338375515e-06 -1.4848581677e-05 -2.5239865750e-05  2.1600766676e-07 -5.9957404891e-08 -1.4272960910e-07  6.1065385881e-09 -1.3909613430e-07  8.2543346307e-09 -8.6833687237e-09 -9.5159534583e-15 -5.6277817963e-09  9.0540691704e-09 -1.7266910610e-08  2.7803236265e-09 -9.3066197907e-06  1.6574540691e-05 -3.5424561538e-05  3.1444562851e-06 -1.5092673097e-08  4.5448691181e-08 -6.8764117070e-09 -5.1225654177e-08  1.4376926189e-08 -4.5365931134e-09 -1.9519941642e-07 -1.0713450034e-04  1.0605134606e-04 -1.7325390377e-04  7.0071499176e-05 -4.4948699688e-04  4.7878884718e-04 -7.8970604443e-04  3.2608701179e-04 -7.2523350187e-05  1.6101519299e-04 -6.4359363484e-05 -1.7252486686e-04  1.0823211516e-04 -4.9006648724e-05 -1.2701932840e-07 -1.0463903883e-04  2.2074461988e-04 -8.5162613894e-06 -1.0964567697e-05 -4.9409285756e-04  1.0613705186e-03 -7.1546379307e-05 -5.2014075336e-05 -2.3726699041e-04  1.2237230455e-05  1.5574686130e-05 -2.0013600021e-05 -1.9679248114e-06 -2.5211667755e-05 -7.4663950356e-07 -1.5693750257e-04 -1.6278098376e-04 -2.5428760504e-04  5.0003496363e-05 -5.5375360943e-04 -5.6743269599e-04 -9.5496311975e-04  1.9011687918e-04 -1.2507443447e-04 -2.5508198944e-04  5.1342403118e-05 -2.5814508963e-04  7.2688456962e-05 -4.8616688636e-05 -2.7235568581e-06 -1.5151204928e-04 -1.3216964494e-04 -6.8653723806e-04 -4.9214657607e-08 -5.2802073564e-05 -1.0047698094e-05 -2.7122643626e-04 -1.0934713558e-11 -2.0460256715e-06 -4.0466731120e-09 -1.2009056346e-05
    -7.0067570839e-09  1.5496919186e-07  5.2775212969e-07  2.4271173556e-06 -2.6597754683e-08  2.3072770407e-05  5.5184876558e-05  5.5936085815e-05 -6.1251291077e-06  7.5118151320e-06  2.2097309966e-05 -1.1252962209e-06  4.8911401372e-06 -2.8546025680e-06  6.3540794892e-07 -4.2289932765e-14 -1.5173947856e-09 -2.8957115116e-09 -3.8163900460e-09  1.8409404893e-10 -1.4075095693e-06 -3.3069027929e-06 -4.3389728544e-06  1.5052617466e-07 -3.3105220063e-08 -6.8574533216e-08  3.5110450500e-09 -5.7564507312e-08  4.4480039712e-09 -4.3129943891e-09 -6.1013635210e-14 -6.2243380716e-09  8.9576533320e-09 -1.7903945782e-08  2.8016179464e-09 -2.4945960046e-06  3.9565212708e-06 -7.9507953846e-06  1.0935762117e-06 -1.4343868473e-08  4.3852963800e-08 -6.6098824468e-09 -5.1656072009e-08  1.4357766616e-08 -5.0943897112e-09 -1.7092067773e-07 -2.7256373940e-05  2.2874466620e-05 -3.1593153381e-05  2.0670276674e-05 -1.8011197133e-05  1.0522990671e-05  2.5959782789e-05  2.0117887105e-05 -2.1358303658e-05  3.6373289304e-05 -2.0707896175e-05 -3.9256751660e-05  3.4418686043e-05 -1.9783125722e-05  3.4817343092e-08  3.5415373820e-06 -8.5162613894e-06  1.7955983351e-05  1.6062685485e-06  3.0909669933e-05 -7.1546379307e-05  6.9231995138e-05  9.4219802121e-06  7.0651682972e-06 -3.4664572079e-05 -1.9679248114e-06 -2.1262038257e-07  5.0551271426e-06  5.7203448914e-07 -3.0111132682e-07 -2.5823910721e-05 -3.0607455252e-05 -2.7072894311e-05  9.8175375323e-06 -1.1665263783e-05 -1.9090864672e-05  4.4244972555e-05  1.0595972036e-05 -3.2920752919e-05 -4.5514990262e-05  1.4177252927e-05 -3.1008148548e-05  1.3247469261e-05 -1.1595051982e-05 -6.3650091599e-07 -2.3970334316e-06  4.2289592333e-05  1.0716937763e-04  5.6496900336e-09  3.2373881344e-06 -3.7207950178e-07  1.2489506822e-05 -1.8647061086e-11 -4.8530316929e-07 -4.5954593857e-09 -2.5826648099e-06
     1.8196538964e-08  2.9302017346e-06  6.3839698333e-06  1.0195964879e-06  2.0792569984e-06  2.9350149824e-05  7.4893439139e-05  1.6025868927e-05  5.3919378132e-05  3.1695621536e-05  9.3667092250e-06  1.9171095920e-05  3.3222000524e-06  3.2984227070e-06 -3.2703163097e-07  1.8582910628e-15 -3.4869998801e-11 -7.4588503422e-11 -9.9488608284e-11  3.0542386697e-10  3.2056801177e-08  6.4368044690e-08  2.2324346399e-07  1.2414393826e-06 -1.0427196397e-09 -2.0661545219e-09  6.5945093838e-09 -1.3203314986e-09  9.8028135569e-09 -4.1588403169e-10  1.1755858898e-14  2.2043467146e-10 -2.9029203266e-10  4.3326798021e-10  1.5521263159e-09  5.5965395908e-07 -8.6459407084e-07  2.3871519866e-06  1.7507838697e-06  7.1514575563e-10 -1.1919724024e-09 -3.5779455249e-09  1.1656265300e-09  7.7521785710e-09 -1.5194835328e-09  1.1268686327e-07  2.4986584336e-05 -2.2427007657e-05  4.3050587895e-05  2.4443731365e-07  5.7929198174e-05 -5.3463469740e-05  1.0804138231e-04  4.1769630004e-05  1.7517310945e-05 -4.1223789288e-05  1.3964690830e-06  4.9832735658e-05 -8.7102971157e-06  3.5758198393e-06  7.5897085390e-08  6.0590547751e-06 -1.0964567697e-05  1.6062685485e-06  2.3798702844e-05  2.7544352099e-05 -5.2014075336e-05  9.4219802121e-06  9.7929130468e-05  8.9920492299e-06 -1.9679248114e-06 -4.3667889496e-05  2.9185790166e-06  9.9079279886e-07  3.4690174062e-06  1.0238686118e-07  1.4735867916e-05  1.6408100427e-05  2.5356575939e-05  1.6516341603e-05  3.8983009899e-05  4.5262782515e-05  7.3427808333e-05  8.0472689859e-05  1.4212264644e-05  2.9473581832e-05  1.5565411498e-05  2.8779306988e-05  2.2133177624e-05 -1.7256479892e-06  1.9435569550e-06  4.2549909137e-05  2.2490131656e-05  6.5287749852e-05  2.2457160030e-08  6.3782179678e-06 -4.2362935013e-06 -2.6268025261e-05  5.1108681462e-12  2.8728959375e-07 -1.7847748472e-09 -9.7491614940e-07
     6.4381651244e-04  5.2644204859e-03  5.3433704035e-03  1.0856840836e-03 -6.6578162114e-04  1.2255506581e-02  1.6337454207e-02  6.2759742177e-03 -2.6659417363e-03  1.1469678956e-02  4.0034540287e-03 -1.5431475540e-03  5.0434869744e-03 -4.0569430861e-04  5.5391032585e-03  3.6090172746e-09  4.5218559713e-06  1.8800687366e-06  9.9241183443e-06  1.2446891630e-07  3.0044639683e-04  2.6006153077e-04  9.8349481971e-04  7.8069267069e-06  9.9658855039e-06  1.8273522746e-05 -1.1670437405e-06  6.8167358350e-05 -2.3032934730e-09  9.4220944769e-06  2.3253025556e-12  6.7945290651e-08 -1.3462143348e-07  1.5577385035e-07 -2.1620368520e-08  5.4883656591e-05 -1.2908501298e-04  1.9562467219e-04 -1.4058005961e-05  2.9475187842e-07 -5.0967088622e-07  7.4698072450e-08  3.8903373664e-07 -8.1067864849e-08  5.2109595741e-08  1.2546827590e-06  4.3859194095e-04 -6.2714162172e-04  6.4254879630e-04 -1.7624445643e-04  3.4306940005e-03 -5.6368075402e-03  6.0979282990e-03 -1.7925942656e-03  4.7338726637e-04 -6.8704011768e-04  1.8266426522e-04  4.9295201591e-04 -1.8360328081e-04  1.5990039823e-04  7.0757085221e-08  2.0499367056e-04 -4.9409285756e-04  3.0909669933e-05  2.7544352099e-05  2.8578098168e-03 -7.5777526367e-03  9.0360231185e-04  4.1508111986e-04  4.0431033344e-04 -3.0731758343e-05 -3.4154705356e-05  2.8952996806e-05  5.0440604766e-06  4.0612925945e-05  1.1294884763e-04  3.7667807610e-03  5.4744002911e-04  5.5345452554e-03 -6.0178929149e-04  8.7850433715e-03  2.1979685444e-03  1.4834055972e-02 -1.9298347098e-03  1.6085214517e-03  9.6671204546e-04 -1.5743643404e-04  6.4846288374e-03 -8.6274236384e-04  1.9787696897e-03  3.1282534548e-05  1.5172552312e-03  4.9731544685e-04  5.9860302575e-03  5.1854991575e-08  2.2331764895e-04  2.3074991165e-05  1.7490746100e-03  1.3659775960e-10  1.0709993721e-05  3.8672239755e-08  7.8602212271e-05
    -2.8905273076e-03 -2.1099545821e-02 -1.9362236521e-02 -4.1539335792e-03  2.7043857428e-03 -4.3225232807e-02 -5.1266372583e-02 -2.1343289957e-02  9.4703964010e-03 -3.9488465109e-02 -1.3687819681e-02  5.3918407377e-03 -1.9858934587e-02  1.5272783922e-03 -2.1851003671e-02 -1.5088086726e-08 -1.8508333666e-05 -5.7179516575e-06 -4.0937146462e-05 -6.8752371916e-07 -1.1025994964e-03 -7.6801186479e-04 -3.5765605907e-03 -3.8542041724e-05 -3.5477193352e-05 -5.3749511236e-05  4.4788743250e-06 -2.7881446612e-04 -1.9441382938e-06 -3.8122839273e-05 -1.1685979883e-12 -1.3023512756e-07  2.7956690050e-07 -2.9262602827e-07  4.1657684692e-08 -1.4174760997e-04  3.5338140570e-04 -5.0612153968e-04  3.4929643596e-05 -6.4118234921e-07  1.0323286727e-06 -1.5215274892e-07 -7.1381091384e-07  1.5086902817e-07 -9.8653856743e-08 -2.1378492514e-06 -1.0335113157e-03  1.5864852639e-03 -1.5137500015e-03  4.0248043123e-04 -9.6000246825e-03  1.6882654434e-02 -1.7048755073e-02  4.9926811397e-03 -1.1761688949e-03  1.6243023730e-03 -4.1697653609e-04 -1.0785757077e-03  3.8879225935e-04 -3.4444174011e-04 -4.6170600459e-08 -4.2136249913e-04  1.0613705186e-03 -7.1546379307e-05 -5.2014075336e-05 -7.5777526367e-03  2.0870407286e-02 -2.5177065388e-03 -1.0287733609e-03 -8.0016280405e-04  6.6760614394e-05  6.0100124039e-05 -5.0609537940e-05 -9.2011892524e-06 -7.0673417955e-05 -3.9377680164e-04 -1.2579654326e-02 -2.4465407178e-04 -1.8320382085e-02  1.9604015579e-03 -2.8251030089e-02 -3.4661359397e-03 -4.7219463514e-02  6.2079603803e-03 -5.2793299669e-03 -8.2517089080e-04  2.3731641779e-04 -2.1615700084e-02  2.8394657209e-03 -6.6899587110e-03 -7.2601898735e-05 -4.2614807546e-03 -1.1387654624e-03 -1.6751000916e-02 -6.3983161246e-08 -5.4863645020e-04 -4.6341262714e-05 -4.7277076334e-03 -1.9341903635e-10 -2.6855351995e-05 -7.1536247424e-08 -2.0968063168e-04
    -1.2437042509e-04 -3.9020381954e-04 -2.4414926469e-04  2.2339852012e-03  5.4109236464e-05  2.5218247223e-03  4.1538725226e-03  8.6454006914e-03 -4.6221226538e-04  4.0250694669e-04  4.8221564113e-03 -2.3982837529e-05  1.6564036239e-03 -6.5162787510e-04 -1.4862989094e-04 -1.0740078273e-08 -9.5031644356e-06 -4.2782142695e-06 -1.9434501180e-05 -3.9023906219e-07 -2.6955917962e-04 -2.0058760274e-04 -7.2636088777e-04 -2.1792156158e-06 -1.9824542150e-05 -3.2514904508e-05  2.1127247479e-06 -1.0979448766e-04 -2.2847078084e-07 -1.8415641693e-05 -7.3977528818e-12 -1.5271162781e-07  3.0850622527e-07 -3.1963663700e-07  4.8963104561e-08 -3.9792746547e-05  9.2708403127e-05 -1.1212721420e-04  1.3724408284e-05 -6.9747014586e-07  1.0802520798e-06 -1.8008291628e-07 -7.5337872815e-07  1.6447633001e-07 -1.1959534791e-07 -2.0189967354e-06 -2.5875531570e-04  3.7407837100e-04 -2.2336562209e-04  1.1919434195e-04 -1.6860055402e-04  2.9194364486e-04  1.2015252680e-03  2.1432602814e-04 -3.8513501573e-04  3.7315444786e-04 -1.5696628338e-04 -2.0524008963e-04  1.1038904267e-04 -1.3979319770e-04  1.7927479275e-08  2.6282961581e-05 -7.1546379307e-05  6.9231995138e-05  9.4219802121e-06  9.0360231185e-04 -2.5177065388e-03  1.5294842446e-03  2.3312335667e-04  3.8544258692e-05 -8.7658291060e-05 -9.2011892524e-06  4.1593011294e-06  6.6467617099e-06  3.2202183920e-06 -1.5736158717e-04 -2.2765698133e-03 -1.0279694763e-04 -2.2373559029e-03  4.1880148430e-04 -6.5455449685e-04  3.2027576194e-04  3.0663412063e-03  3.3384874414e-04 -1.3778558967e-03 -2.1472373254e-04  1.2676773525e-04 -2.7996404119e-03  5.0932703234e-04 -1.6804757634e-03 -1.8993468528e-05  2.5754536636e-05  4.2228170844e-04  3.9848155228e-03  3.9497520464e-09  6.7739074858e-05 -4.0694637902e-07  4.6981751722e-04 -3.1483384453e-10 -6.4151743885e-06 -7.9791145621e-08 -4.6096335808e-05
     3.1902287159e-04  2.2824250971e-03  2.3568435999e-03  4.7065186746e-04  2.3251307237e-03  4.0904858815e-03  5.5205126402e-03  2.1810747742e-03  9.4751739411e-03  4.8322517297e-03  1.6935133977e-03  5.3204719035e-03  2.1277561505e-03  1.4468770902e-03  1.4164109464e-03  1.4338328453e-10  2.5036639921e-07 -7.3137525541e-08  4.2587138204e-07  2.3261145673e-06  1.7747015135e-05  5.4699002308e-06  6.2919006280e-05  2.6464174136e-04  3.6092859982e-08 -1.2501116896e-06  4.9812055459e-06  2.4898590222e-06  2.4973128516e-05  1.0134698309e-06  1.3933074246e-12  1.2463749566e-08 -2.4474559635e-08  2.8943807112e-08  2.9061880348e-08  1.0149189815e-05 -2.5248508700e-05  3.9707102422e-05  4.0966260239e-05  5.4909496765e-08 -9.9123857901e-08 -9.6247631377e-08  7.3040079388e-08  1.1174914334e-07 -5.9189638701e-09  1.1174855912e-06  2.8641297792e-04 -4.2405571442e-04  4.3550331153e-04  1.0512834723e-04  1.6150850706e-03 -2.6771585181e-03  2.9969818317e-03  1.7521125095e-03  3.5130134520e-04 -5.0574164006e-04 -9.5206186655e-05  3.5975167823e-04  8.1388489545e-05  3.9507019467e-05  1.8369209970e-08  2.3369894387e-05 -5.2014075336e-05  9.4219802121e-06  9.7929130468e-05  4.1508111986e-04 -1.0287733609e-03  2.3312335667e-04  2.1204153944e-03  3.4698822792e-05 -9.2011892524e-06 -1.2240995064e-04  3.8375096624e-06  5.5775818665e-06  1.3669051700e-05  5.4774053066e-05  1.4189978233e-03  1.5137457842e-04  2.1559889678e-03  1.8829009501e-03  2.5117492275e-03  6.3040423287e-04  4.4312954063e-03  6.4700779542e-03  6.3521279020e-04  3.3795179141e-04  2.1219362639e-04  2.6943984085e-03  2.6957492585e-03  4.4190287512e-04  5.6422644863e-05  1.6349240629e-03  2.0400503229e-04  1.8685399528e-03  2.9465378404e-08  7.6114913192e-05 -2.1291004337e-05 -7.6054847531e-04  1.0015742751e-10  4.9530796083e-06 -3.0833384422e-08 -2.8394272726e-05
     2.1362756490e-09  4.8072973209e-06  1.2223203883e-05  1.7803333945e-06 -1.6434333444e-06  1.6469288688e-04  4.5167743974e-04  6.6956170971e-05 -7.0756551706e-05  9.1634567218e-05  2.3074473383e-05 -2.1157991158e-05  6.5499201406e-06 -3.0508326176e-06  7.4559237140e-06  9.0340145697e-17  1.9590042613e-10  4.5653955124e-10  6.0793486329e-10 -2.5090314100e-11  3.0718821863e-06  7.8179500324e-06  1.1814557551e-05 -9.4263874654e-08  1.1231138506e-08  2.5173939588e-08 -7.7176820930e-10  2.0873921272e-08 -9.8755064393e-10  8.8346070892e-10  2.3652350724e-16  2.7213178593e-09 -4.2627172092e-09  9.1624574953e-09 -1.6224631185e-09  7.5495045129e-06 -1.2124836947e-05  2.9274361681e-05 -2.5334437000e-06  6.6820860576e-09 -2.2495153114e-08  4.0129284394e-09  2.8605299859e-08 -8.5371994230e-09  2.2373077594e-09  9.8862361635e-08  9.6001995830e-05 -7.9141383294e-05  1.5903344925e-04 -6.9307956458e-05  3.3734370153e-04 -2.9789320272e-04  5.8647060272e-04 -2.6125699537e-04  4.9552584521e-05 -1.3482435033e-04  5.7853982960e-05  1.7367954922e-04 -1.2233724932e-04  4.6002221802e-05  1.2470919191e-07  1.1746306437e-04 -2.3726699041e-04  7.0651682972e-06  8.9920492299e-06  4.0431033344e-04 -8.0016280405e-04  3.8544258692e-05  3.4698822792e-05  2.7686890852e-04 -1.1218629896e-05 -1.2030479076e-05  2.4502710573e-05  1.0836893749e-06  2.9071865089e-05  8.5674582699e-08  7.5314206387e-05  9.7821148582e-05  1.2430457826e-04 -2.7262802355e-05  3.3183282524e-04  4.1454687884e-04  5.6596016858e-04 -1.2388517005e-04  7.4710132525e-05  1.4041061652e-04 -3.1202594241e-05  1.1150078267e-04 -3.6737254194e-05  1.7822320796e-05  1.5341215490e-06  1.0660129205e-04  1.1991540550e-04  4.9407586447e-04  5.8585849287e-08  4.7949926816e-05  1.1377803417e-05  2.1752770638e-04  4.9242372506e-12  1.7536881062e-06  2.0444762538e-09  9.4692007199e-06
     1.5437617332e-10 -1.0765966041e-07 -3.0837817280e-07 -6.9262916993e-07  3.0153975946e-08 -1.3904984945e-05 -3.6429539798e-05 -3.7363203401e-05  3.9333910786e-06 -3.9237184915e-06 -9.7286590159e-06  7.0303201214e-07 -1.7890426908e-06  1.2905373507e-06 -2.6589914214e-07  1.2142689684e-16  1.8250745992e-10  4.4172394516e-10  5.2817619166e-10 -2.4889303532e-11  1.0614727283e-06  2.8543562576e-06  3.4163799863e-06 -1.0649738791e-07  9.8819277089e-09  1.9872835910e-08 -7.1958442016e-10  1.4704218357e-08 -8.5782736162e-10  7.2836660394e-10  2.5376885946e-15  4.5228542531e-09 -6.5563786632e-09  1.4297999079e-08 -2.7285497327e-09  3.3263941686e-06 -4.7241546674e-06  1.1089252789e-05 -1.2907473663e-06  1.0018571349e-08 -3.3786861783e-08  6.4731912836e-09  4.3476286250e-08 -1.4230639901e-08  4.1023932169e-09  1.3790549007e-07  4.2925257496e-05 -2.7888194411e-05  5.5094139598e-05 -3.4939397032e-05  3.0931970432e-05 -1.5749600618e-05 -1.5298832083e-05 -2.9858389897e-05  2.3200579147e-05 -5.2102993971e-05  2.9706484469e-05  7.4884191627e-05 -6.9792640295e-05  3.0773831974e-05 -9.9284717907e-08 -5.0961241718e-06  1.2237230455e-05 -3.4664572079e-05 -1.9679248114e-06 -3.0731758343e-05  6.6760614394e-05 -8.7658291060e-05 -9.2011892524e-06 -1.1218629896e-05  7.3508131720e-05  1.8770050569e-06  8.8996449724e-07 -1.2221661321e-05 -4.8867030288e-07  5.9407127742e-08  2.1122110002e-05  3.0362254862e-05  2.3194130345e-05 -8.8130012203e-06  1.8574696818e-05  3.1327301811e-05 -2.8928892269e-05 -1.1997800859e-05  3.2109387271e-05  4.2962885877e-05 -1.4195758686e-05  2.3599776497e-05 -1.1619238745e-05  7.1167456785e-06  5.6316570766e-07  5.9636785569e-06 -6.2944413309e-05 -1.1009850627e-04 -1.0341649257e-08 -3.5593298110e-06  7.5278301877e-07 -1.1274064517e-05  1.0498141674e-11  7.0315977540e-07  3.6508612761e-09  3.2905196720e-06
    -4.0686040721e-10 -8.2267737896e-07 -2.1487861300e-06 -3.1401064294e-07 -5.2110037524e-07 -2.0497288114e-05 -5.8837347421e-05 -1.0123385356e-05 -3.5008298177e-05 -1.5780050199e-05 -4.0548327708e-06 -7.6528268940e-06 -1.0966457260e-06 -1.1039120621e-06  4.9675552983e-07 -5.3723448192e-18  4.9993574389e-12  1.1462985349e-11  1.3657363246e-11 -3.6434601379e-11 -3.6661942272e-08 -1.0587611556e-07 -2.1638240996e-07 -8.3951244942e-07  2.0403271384e-10  3.9873370626e-10 -1.6036493148e-09  2.6096237725e-10 -2.1343587460e-09  8.9019741290e-11 -4.9137954088e-16  1.0808442986e-11 -1.0743061667e-10 -8.3828188487e-11 -1.2091769901e-09 -9.0372316222e-07  1.1810191225e-06 -3.7048717880e-06 -1.9903248928e-06  6.9543635162e-11 -5.1556488112e-10  2.8130157951e-09 -7.3760428969e-10 -6.1699509587e-09  1.2879597494e-09 -9.5903122899e-08 -3.6690126915e-05  2.6527945492e-05 -6.4004167989e-05  7.0014641832e-06 -6.7729497838e-05  4.9623629068e-05 -1.2284908387e-04 -4.1732801472e-05 -1.8772117053e-05  5.5193559618e-05 -8.2643097668e-06 -8.0992478955e-05  2.9757034661e-05 -7.6054833510e-06 -8.1300618395e-08 -9.1214199881e-06  1.5574686130e-05 -1.9679248114e-06 -4.3667889496e-05 -3.4154705356e-05  6.0100124039e-05 -9.2011892524e-06 -1.2240995064e-04 -1.2030479076e-05  1.8770050569e-06  8.7215595268e-05 -7.0561794534e-06 -8.4640179275e-07 -3.8258673139e-06 -2.0047795567e-08 -1.1339969533e-05 -1.5844888925e-05 -1.9830085500e-05 -1.1451382720e-05 -3.6691036697e-05 -5.1161204433e-05 -6.7295433382e-05 -6.9594982604e-05 -1.3785054412e-05 -2.6212747551e-05 -1.1264889799e-05 -2.0272158537e-05 -1.3389768245e-05  2.2994233109e-06 -1.6851982913e-06 -4.5347142464e-05 -3.3846515759e-05 -7.2327016682e-05 -3.3264671174e-08 -8.7066697206e-06  8.0094616492e-06  3.1905687081e-05 -3.1427515549e-12 -4.0911599086e-07  1.3350816891e-09  9.4877694296e-07
     9.6981677858e-12  8.3403207903e-08  2.2283042779e-07  4.3306233799e-08 -2.8333693628e-08  6.7239115712e-06  1.9414301145e-05  4.2099050340e-06 -2.8016525027e-06  2.1552278674e-06  7.7503960986e-07 -4.6802990018e-07  3.7212536883e-07 -8.4580730580e-08  1.5177513905e-07  5.4556442876e-17  6.2813188741e-11  1.5723982276e-10  1.7029737966e-10 -8.7301529145e-12  2.6776764034e-07  7.4567991386e-07  8.5627930998e-07 -3.2194901785e-08  3.3260032388e-09  6.0893711649e-09 -2.4589692955e-10  4.0834421696e-09 -2.7222025479e-10  2.3072051487e-10  9.2974279653e-15  2.9996697991e-09 -3.8383149827e-09  8.9096876227e-09 -1.6416999627e-09  1.0903799336e-06 -1.4114648093e-06  3.6401078048e-06 -4.4769031524e-07  5.6306853762e-09 -1.9323889256e-08  3.7130377688e-09  2.6370416319e-08 -8.5126938088e-09  2.7227450952e-09  7.1830700656e-08  1.2237669595e-05 -6.3937302429e-06  1.5907349952e-05 -1.0108129575e-05  2.3281004149e-05 -1.4558635400e-05  3.4731096660e-05 -1.8405244501e-05  5.7188202173e-06 -1.0153756731e-05  6.7087425963e-06  1.9618814248e-05 -1.8484216289e-05  9.5267009317e-06  4.4200530556e-08  1.1847173689e-05 -2.0013600021e-05 -2.1262038257e-07  2.9185790166e-06  2.8952996806e-05 -5.0609537940e-05  4.1593011294e-06  3.8375096624e-06  2.4502710573e-05  8.8996449724e-07 -7.0561794534e-06  6.7133046282e-06 -6.7448283775e-07  2.4915589936e-06  1.4727795702e-08  4.7009605221e-06  7.0818247233e-06  5.3683695611e-06 -2.0443539142e-06  1.7613669663e-05  2.5439646069e-05  2.6591540033e-05 -6.8750377731e-06  7.2710239921e-06  8.2607078925e-06 -3.2813866683e-06  4.2714935168e-06 -2.2371348655e-06  1.5461835580e-06  1.8601710349e-07  7.0851387075e-06  1.6809668522e-05  3.7731956283e-05  1.9067794826e-08  4.2105856333e-06  8.1626367677e-07  1.4718995330e-05  1.1163235208e-11  2.5189642473e-07  2.4789628386e-09  1.1352210525e-06
    -1.7007941153e-11  1.2838907846e-08  3.7051244558e-08  7.0300562983e-08  7.2467997327e-09  1.6807619009e-06  4.7773770821e-06  3.0213838990e-06  1.3734114071e-06  4.7376038085e-07  9.8232218232e-07  1.7265175867e-07  1.9076410922e-07  2.5086453281e-07  8.7263417731e-09 -4.2436588096e-18  3.0490647620e-12  7.1222085143e-12  8.2354126761e-12 -2.0027380231e-11  1.9318015814e-08  5.1647075686e-08  5.2004767405e-08 -1.7535006112e-07  1.2628834470e-10  2.3751826503e-10 -8.0624845496e-10  1.5768528844e-10 -9.5898408451e-10  5.0164132249e-11 -3.1200716639e-15 -1.7051318275e-11 -1.5346266137e-10  3.5131773482e-11 -1.3817752632e-09 -1.8930931788e-07  1.4800352459e-07 -7.2879329647e-07 -4.7808621888e-07  1.1341048401e-10 -9.0723371011e-10  3.0399734784e-09 -1.0987207992e-10 -6.9602458439e-09  1.5647334368e-09 -7.7061494961e-08 -8.7852862781e-06  4.6120168904e-06 -1.1863548797e-05  3.3617391255e-06 -1.3276970280e-06 -6.6771161743e-07  5.7493720258e-06 -1.6188370102e-06 -4.8701381867e-06  1.0862228774e-05 -1.3671533016e-06 -1.7973062165e-05  1.2139657728e-05 -3.1491559658e-06  1.6117348596e-08  1.2180935765e-06 -1.9679248114e-06  5.0551271426e-06  9.9079279886e-07  5.0440604766e-06 -9.2011892524e-06  6.6467617099e-06  5.5775818665e-06  1.0836893749e-06 -1.2221661321e-05 -8.4640179275e-07 -6.7448283775e-07  7.4746769809e-06  2.0709129163e-06 -8.0655424540e-09 -1.5076750548e-06 -2.3621974007e-06 -1.8536399447e-06 -1.8905800348e-06  8.7921135197e-07  4.4063292681e-07  5.0664564209e-06 -2.6831577784e-06 -2.9360839396e-06 -4.1344659243e-06 -2.6768674417e-06 -2.2764884377e-06 -2.1274638410e-06  6.2194931424e-07 -3.4404179949e-07 -2.1117906161e-07  1.0673477366e-05  1.3536155006e-05  6.4072613052e-09  8.9449828991e-07  6.8072248320e-07  1.3102528599e-06 -5.1501672813e-12 -8.4032630996e-08  1.6156690276e-09  2.3664124036e-07
     3.1988091073e-11  1.4965390857e-07  4.0219602881e-07  5.7107327347e-08  4.2984529924e-08  9.6933211820e-06  2.8389072842e-05  3.8543668685e-06  2.0627026902e-08  3.6450849141e-06  8.7672256618e-07  5.1522523102e-07  2.2765176837e-07  9.0896834265e-08  3.5836937082e-07  1.8349009069e-19  4.7723499684e-12  1.1895035691e-11  1.4759627972e-11 -1.0429505308e-12  1.7410295041e-07  4.7326645467e-07  6.6682928743e-07  5.3279632797e-09  3.7143586471e-10  7.8950539698e-10 -4.5957332726e-11  6.1392858643e-10 -5.1079006065e-11  7.9886990830e-11  3.5026572759e-16  3.6214296796e-10 -4.5174973511e-10  1.1526710534e-09 -1.9795180826e-10  7.1863692454e-07 -1.0004573778e-06  2.8189076101e-06 -1.1378611060e-07  6.2002743876e-10 -2.3264285208e-09  4.0836864189e-10  3.5330060947e-09 -9.8574069786e-10  4.4511796089e-10  3.8628499322e-08  1.0324283734e-05 -7.0403097594e-06  1.8479912108e-05 -2.5788236387e-06  3.4483218285e-05 -2.3099950672e-05  6.1291239750e-05 -1.3493867192e-05  4.5085537703e-06 -1.2484196379e-05  1.4904569386e-06  2.0285772182e-05 -4.2176112312e-06  3.5320910964e-06  3.6851226537e-08  1.4235908819e-05 -2.5211667755e-05  5.7203448914e-07  3.4690174062e-06  4.0612925945e-05 -7.0673417955e-05  3.2202183920e-06  1.3669051700e-05  2.9071865089e-05 -4.8867030288e-07 -3.8258673139e-06  2.4915589936e-06  2.0709129163e-06  9.5613485062e-06  2.5150745210e-09  3.9738484654e-06  5.7076745920e-06  6.6460028713e-06  7.0640111090e-09  2.4954532635e-05  3.5601742082e-05  4.2704005219e-05 -2.1043751739e-06  3.9069179518e-06  6.9842989666e-06  2.3647398439e-07  5.1186040457e-06  4.7479850570e-07  1.1720715403e-06  8.0234585617e-07  1.6236706558e-05  1.2166591320e-05  4.7677293035e-05  2.0906977497e-08  6.2956100303e-06  2.7902626454e-06  2.0849695785e-05  1.7721237321e-12  2.0941768559e-07  4.4295989808e-10  9.2383272133e-07
     1.4438973705e-06  9.2407731429e-04  1.0529974145e-03 -1.4743704655e-03  1.5418140592e-06  2.7393507392e-03  2.9033758901e-03 -4.0628957739e-03  1.3205668201e-05  2.0606649096e-03 -4.3376071582e-03  7.7050857234e-06  3.7762028408e-03 -1.4281887655e-05  2.7002165771e-04  9.4571091667e-10  7.2246421574e-05  6.2463014275e-05  1.7147974026e-04  3.9225879235e-05  1.1661190532e-03  9.2127825696e-04  2.7331846355e-03  6.4039854798e-04  1.5168495704e-04  5.8795825038e-04  1.3342268330e-04  1.0072499380e-03  3.9399232076e-04  8.6239527287e-05  7.0036543833e-24  6.4516634953e-09 -2.2806508324e-08  1.6987826082e-08  3.0004403117e-10  5.0234688901e-05 -1.6771791041e-04  1.2789438434e-04  4.9646960997e-06  6.7515180469e-08 -8.5724725797e-08 -1.1145992043e-09  3.7906195076e-08  1.6554172519e-09  1.1308626087e-09  1.5529286428e-09  1.1698920876e-04 -2.9165367837e-04  4.0895608373e-05 -5.5417711794e-05  1.0031361407e-03 -2.3974516327e-03  3.4245996328e-04 -4.5835547139e-04  2.5208833951e-04 -5.8143205281e-05  8.1004553101e-05  9.5708627153e-06 -1.0959346712e-05  1.3502107703e-05  1.7552039703e-19  2.0434873194e-07 -7.4663950356e-07 -3.0111132682e-07  1.0238686118e-07  1.1294884763e-04 -3.9377680164e-04 -1.5736158717e-04  5.4774053066e-05  8.5674582699e-08  5.9407127742e-08 -2.0047795567e-08  1.4727795702e-08 -8.0655424540e-09  2.5150745210e-09  5.6397417557e-03  7.9861738667e-03 -4.3234975845e-03  6.0593278325e-03  1.8369694587e-04  4.7805261534e-03 -9.5314952299e-04  1.3446088443e-03  2.4526563891e-05  3.4998676929e-03 -2.0533433368e-03 -4.7647267976e-05  4.3575523092e-03  9.2784167779e-05  2.5744230700e-03  8.4551195063e-07  3.2808936924e-04  1.1353389154e-08  9.6561956788e-05  3.9055092959e-13  4.8519170668e-06  1.4053678520e-09  5.0916909999e-05  1.3680787497e-12  6.6188443198e-06  7.3522896616e-10  3.9234733372e-05
     1.8581823556e-02  1.1388107693e-01  6.5583138027e-02 -9.1747491908e-02  4.2268793052e-05  1.3020061703e-01  6.7486578773e-02 -9.3464262728e-02  2.9786613669e-04  1.0107603870e-01 -5.7870865170e-02 -1.9250943672e-04  1.2319935694e-01 -3.9508380819e-04  7.7873521330e-02  1.1290886968e-06  1.1046616161e-03  3.1870450174e-05  2.3247517504e-03  3.7392022943e-04  1.7950290180e-02  1.4168744526e-03  4.6615389097e-02  7.6476273730e-03  1.1680817815e-03 -1.9717272734e-04 -1.5001361139e-04  1.2001578665e-02  2.8134906496e-03  1.7328652234e-03  2.4137710001e-14  3.4099432193e-07 -9.2022809767e-07  6.9444103311e-07 -2.9548845657e-08  4.4212626138e-04 -1.4297506795e-03  1.2709080392e-03  2.5611041986e-05  2.4573037168e-06 -3.0881300211e-06  1.1589243258e-07  1.4726409932e-06 -1.0670044388e-07  2.1194384938e-07  1.4131869556e-06  1.5847255248e-03 -3.2888697722e-03  1.3879000590e-03 -4.8836933467e-04  1.7200294992e-02 -4.2022809430e-02  1.5872206022e-02 -6.5469981495e-03  2.7956181871e-03 -1.8584239284e-03  6.3279840297e-04  7.1558690433e-04 -2.8888735007e-04  3.7079824728e-04  7.3428047116e-11  5.3029475269e-05 -1.5693750257e-04 -2.5823910721e-05  1.4735867916e-05  3.7667807610e-03 -1.2579654326e-02 -2.2765698133e-03  1.4189978233e-03  7.5314206387e-05  2.1122110002e-05 -1.1339969533e-05  4.7009605221e-06 -1.5076750548e-06  3.9738484654e-06  7.9861738667e-03  1.0605244880e-01 -7.0262016534e-02  1.0125307038e-01  5.1544879783e-04  1.0415696132e-01 -5.6941913392e-02  8.1848046668e-02  4.4013507914e-04  8.5312474363e-02 -7.6493754744e-02 -1.5800577111e-03  1.1730857504e-01 -8.1727959162e-04  5.8132566034e-02  6.9069317468e-05  7.0728059620e-03  3.6145211924e-05  5.3911195696e-03  1.7639673791e-09  1.8728310500e-04  2.4371315491e-06  1.9421791152e-03  2.4788005788e-10  6.7348636946e-05  7.6119524763e-08  4.5839330429e-04
    -2.2912884596e-02 -1.1469023667e-01 -2.0530635240e-02  1.0657341196e-01 -1.0210242418e-04 -1.1606540977e-01  1.5913449432e-03  1.0299084513e-01 -8.5624565118e-04 -4.9962128726e-02  1.4193399075e-02  5.2794648931e-05 -1.4555446344e-01  6.4701478819e-04 -7.5318073247e-02 -1.1257045801e-06 -1.3389543618e-03  3.4088484710e-04 -2.9272728228e-03 -5.1991585950e-04 -1.9948845265e-02  6.8026178741e-03 -5.0125271039e-02 -9.1868211192e-03 -1.2080364930e-03  3.0857323043e-03  5.6523593991e-04 -1.5475743792e-02 -4.1949027541e-03 -2.0405132886e-03  7.1866839900e-14  4.4611889398e-07 -1.1521975051e-06  9.2702267589e-07 -4.9902922368e-08  5.3821040275e-05  9.5812360625e-05  1.5128205603e-04 -1.3161985675e-05  2.9834529505e-06 -3.9786563136e-06  2.0818406628e-07  2.0293093966e-06 -1.5455172928e-07  2.7052011704e-07  2.7261960524e-06  1.1965503290e-03 -1.9351446444e-03  9.5811510306e-04 -4.4477170018e-04 -3.3114943690e-03  1.6348592832e-02 -1.5302822001e-03  1.0675267489e-03  2.4042026140e-03 -1.6428459725e-03  7.6368491341e-04  7.0689906362e-04 -3.3128830810e-04  4.0642706069e-04  1.9600769626e-10  5.9310611936e-05 -1.6278098376e-04 -3.0607455252e-05  1.6408100427e-05  5.4744002911e-04 -2.4465407178e-04 -1.0279694763e-04  1.5137457842e-04  9.7821148582e-05  3.0362254862e-05 -1.5844888925e-05  7.0818247233e-06 -2.3621974007e-06  5.7076745920e-06 -4.3234975845e-03 -7.0262016534e-02  1.0214265121e-01 -5.0928400699e-02 -1.0984429255e-03 -7.5430878173e-02  8.7304387807e-02 -4.5755168936e-02 -1.3164414317e-03 -9.6750877986e-02  9.9064139437e-02  8.4220519589e-04 -5.0270543883e-02 -6.6721848007e-05 -2.9437051540e-02  5.3903797960e-05 -1.3123295291e-03  3.4109267610e-05  7.6923059608e-05  3.2073363957e-09  7.9971665229e-05  2.9775329666e-06  2.2550650096e-04  3.6093530219e-10  1.3589518713e-05  9.6309105830e-08 -1.3209913815e-05
     3.2147457232e-02  1.6114079009e-01  1.0697984017e-01 -9.4288031754e-02 -1.4309389845e-05  1.6412766905e-01  1.0480342503e-01 -7.1051181192e-02 -2.9160611337e-04  1.5654411287e-01 -7.1514405415e-02 -2.6033581669e-04  1.1977194991e-01 -6.8649315437e-05  1.0586168949e-01 -1.5759437072e-06 -6.3737013629e-04 -1.6564918460e-04 -9.8294635361e-04 -2.9307910248e-04  8.2738247768e-03  2.6202262911e-03  2.9752399058e-02  3.2619167892e-03 -5.8859595922e-04 -4.1844560532e-04 -1.2386523472e-04 -4.1907987327e-04 -8.4883667842e-04 -7.5936624837e-04 -4.1090585497e-14 -2.8590780608e-07  7.8459939715e-07 -4.5842523603e-07  2.6322491350e-08  2.6680092339e-04 -8.6962940215e-04  1.0241675855e-03  1.2143118244e-05 -2.1890966191e-06  2.1953625541e-06 -9.0385418025e-08 -7.7466207321e-07  1.1244591750e-07 -2.0328887878e-07  7.6330402597e-08  1.4839364506e-03 -3.1626829445e-03  1.9155468807e-03 -5.0724430925e-04  1.9750857194e-02 -4.6959776652e-02  2.4157599972e-02 -7.9100527741e-03  2.2469052355e-03 -2.3642619706e-03  5.6970203328e-04  8.9660142227e-04 -3.7411595273e-04  2.5960640255e-04  1.0984686068e-10  8.5364596256e-05 -2.5428760504e-04 -2.7072894311e-05  2.5356575939e-05  5.5345452554e-03 -1.8320382085e-02 -2.2373559029e-03  2.1559889678e-03  1.2430457826e-04  2.3194130345e-05 -1.9830085500e-05  5.3683695611e-06 -1.8536399447e-06  6.6460028713e-06  6.0593278325e-03  1.0125307038e-01 -5.0928400699e-02  1.3918114968e-01 -3.9588352895e-04  1.0839001979e-01 -4.5755168936e-02  1.2000182356e-01 -6.0647947067e-04  5.7194707571e-02 -8.7071136129e-02 -6.6721848007e-05  1.5509323239e-01 -2.3498566984e-04  4.2409480818e-02  5.3270407244e-05  8.0147601124e-03  8.1640317067e-05  8.8748233003e-03  2.7825353144e-09  2.7955534836e-04  3.5779562020e-06  2.7400378342e-03 -2.2184518234e-10  4.3805324088e-05 -5.2594095537e-08  3.3147716929e-04
     2.8151471638e-06  5.2732966366e-05 -3.2634606982e-05 -1.1172502614e-04  5.5930858232e-02  3.3040483036e-04 -4.1013699398e-04 -9.1728683118e-04  7.9043871540e-02 -9.6474246782e-05  7.9326409512e-05  5.4009182174e-02  4.3285209511e-04 -7.5449285775e-02  1.3115466915e-04 -5.4851171280e-07 -3.9463393430e-04 -8.4522049393e-05 -9.0135996990e-04  4.5254014898e-04 -3.0980026467e-03 -8.8055301523e-04 -8.3743606037e-03  1.1258806508e-02 -4.4705261209e-04 -5.6184570196e-04  2.4291645538e-04 -4.4354210389e-03  3.8664598335e-03  4.3427040404e-04 -7.8166156877e-15 -6.5689786136e-08  1.6414039829e-07 -1.3182605797e-07  1.9986374920e-07 -2.3474978297e-05  5.9734650722e-05 -7.1782877937e-05  3.3700426295e-04 -4.1705164717e-07  5.8379326403e-07 -9.1347465872e-07 -2.6482859116e-07  6.4257407178e-07 -2.9806683199e-08  4.7873490690e-07  4.9369806421e-04 -1.0983109798e-03  3.8045013990e-04  6.7488086246e-04  2.4048156829e-03 -6.1045144425e-03  1.8753785209e-03  9.5198104212e-03  1.1558107527e-03 -6.3246315577e-04 -8.5119977581e-04  2.2607598167e-04  3.0225395778e-04 -7.9643384264e-05 -1.9444560638e-11 -1.6943011064e-05  5.0003496363e-05  9.8175375323e-06  1.6516341603e-05 -6.0178929149e-04  1.9604015579e-03  4.1880148430e-04  1.8829009501e-03 -2.7262802355e-05 -8.8130012203e-06 -1.1451382720e-05 -2.0443539142e-06 -1.8905800348e-06  7.0640111090e-09  1.8369694587e-04  5.1544879783e-04 -1.0984429255e-03 -3.9588352895e-04  7.0713223679e-02  6.0366456220e-04 -1.3164414317e-03 -6.0647947067e-04  6.0760371699e-02  4.8624739656e-04 -6.6721848007e-05 -5.0986468893e-02 -1.3566903974e-04  7.3455375500e-02  9.0445802914e-04  9.5009481090e-05  4.3364890826e-03 -1.5777327715e-06 -1.6245543410e-04 -8.6265403375e-11 -5.3261219468e-06 -3.1818198460e-06 -1.1831497159e-03  9.4029427303e-11  1.4209715384e-05 -8.2404488489e-08 -2.4776845196e-04
     4.7940284156e-02  2.3620854176e-01  4.7015517041e-02 -6.5774863579e-02  8.2082443517e-05  3.0166210657e-01  4.4751814185e-02 -6.6955747622e-02  9.6008961968e-04  2.1493322809e-01  2.1586072439e-02 -5.3981846461e-04  2.0524403232e-01 -8.1654874490e-04  2.2628883817e-01  1.8263496872e-06  1.1899289042e-03 -3.6457949675e-04  2.4093704639e-03  2.9735963102e-04  2.5089375474e-02 -9.6741207764e-03  6.5967039065e-02  8.2621780389e-03  2.1028400997e-03 -3.4780092861e-03 -5.9368302560e-04  1.2647659540e-02  2.0626583552e-03  2.3494724556e-03  2.3716911824e-12  5.1629156786e-07 -1.2834816070e-06  9.3117559307e-07 -8.3048358963e-08  4.5524447806e-04 -1.4424425910e-03  1.3850261491e-03  6.0360114546e-06  3.3171947093e-06 -3.9112463763e-06  3.1179904548e-07  1.8969361874e-06 -2.8718982553e-07  3.9925562820e-07  2.9045395616e-06  1.8108021961e-03 -3.4790737436e-03  2.0255636867e-03 -4.0151630602e-04  2.5485353901e-02 -6.1669745573e-02  3.2309422534e-02 -7.6509478942e-03  2.6926020964e-03 -2.3658242969e-03  4.4030114678e-04  1.1646309016e-03 -2.8894118551e-04  4.9434952824e-04  4.6236001576e-09  2.0067865027e-04 -5.5375360943e-04 -1.1665263783e-05  3.8983009899e-05  8.7850433715e-03 -2.8251030089e-02 -6.5455449685e-04  2.5117492275e-03  3.3183282524e-04  1.8574696818e-05 -3.6691036697e-05  1.7613669663e-05  8.7921135197e-07  2.4954532635e-05  4.7805261534e-03  1.0415696132e-01 -7.5430878173e-02  1.0839001979e-01  6.0366456220e-04  1.6998872892e-01 -1.2914138789e-01  1.7965023291e-01  1.1526654028e-03  8.9023619483e-02 -8.0825464755e-02 -2.0327060911e-03  1.2267817896e-01 -9.6728836245e-04  6.1086176689e-02  1.6696531408e-04  1.3060064956e-02  4.0314024543e-04  1.8257587887e-02  1.5669515750e-08  4.8612272274e-04  1.8145038103e-05  5.2769161533e-03  6.1255184710e-10  7.6458781277e-05  1.8163657481e-07  5.8894533093e-04
    -5.2442757810e-02 -2.3918186101e-01  7.0343574379e-02  7.7107125344e-02 -1.8372929972e-04 -3.0090647313e-01  1.7304253930e-01  1.0689160567e-01 -2.8173983704e-03 -1.8357165692e-01 -5.9698831937e-02  4.1459485589e-04 -2.2089983852e-01  1.2433794284e-03 -2.3050153168e-01 -1.6549902641e-06 -1.2871562265e-03  9.2292560628e-04 -2.6433934275e-03 -3.4891193759e-04 -2.9928830859e-02  2.8411452489e-02 -7.5765848076e-02 -1.0703312432e-02 -3.1440228344e-03  8.0487150474e-03  1.1655412568e-03 -1.4364684842e-02 -2.6232515319e-03 -2.6162582611e-03  6.8879526759e-12  6.1147862125e-07 -1.4210211600e-06  1.1152226399e-06 -1.2623213836e-07  7.0541205484e-05  3.5962527782e-05  2.3172101281e-04 -2.6396382643e-05  3.5249129260e-06 -4.4011783813e-06  4.9181779303e-07  2.3448568925e-06 -3.9858680741e-07  4.8240344176e-07  4.9350233848e-06  1.2387465370e-03 -1.8265176913e-03  1.4106407470e-03 -3.4743201875e-04 -2.7786687240e-03  1.9961247268e-02 -4.3073553049e-04  1.0803895588e-04  1.8385731338e-03 -1.9023127255e-03  4.4051771112e-04  1.1062440077e-03 -3.1267752019e-04  4.8134246378e-04  1.2357340618e-08  2.2218728235e-04 -5.6743269599e-04 -1.9090864672e-05  4.5262782515e-05  2.1979685444e-03 -3.4661359397e-03  3.2027576194e-04  6.3040423287e-04  4.1454687884e-04  3.1327301811e-05 -5.1161204433e-05  2.5439646069e-05  4.4063292681e-07  3.5601742082e-05 -9.5314952299e-04 -5.6941913392e-02  8.7304387807e-02 -4.5755168936e-02 -1.3164414317e-03 -1.2914138789e-01  2.0401049254e-01 -1.0986096208e-01 -3.9094747146e-03 -8.5761435937e-02  8.5795973070e-02  1.3364384414e-03 -4.2711088909e-02 -3.5526465894e-05 -2.6849647315e-02  1.2349179161e-04 -1.6720962970e-03  3.6627309571e-04  1.9031045997e-03  2.8999749798e-08  2.5139664506e-04  2.1185450783e-05  1.0368269688e-03  9.1410195080e-10  1.7416969919e-05  2.1909579414e-07  1.5609781313e-05
     7.3578526137e-02  3.3569436286e-01  7.7317771055e-02  1.6882718524e-02 -1.8288574711e-05  4.1888385142e-01  1.0224532906e-01  9.3110551212e-02 -7.1297442094e-04  3.1558949785e-01  4.7442264245e-02 -5.1117534965e-04  2.5185032546e-01 -1.9576744972e-04  3.2333598865e-01 -2.2972940463e-06 -5.3783868858e-04  1.2404935684e-04 -7.6796875596e-04 -1.9254976607e-04  8.9487166301e-03 -5.2501990283e-04  3.4700109680e-02  1.7614560322e-03 -7.5687711914e-04  5.6264882348e-04  2.3073026263e-04 -4.7871633715e-04 -6.0976130171e-04 -9.0330438645e-04 -3.3971285178e-12 -4.3252800153e-07  1.0876021324e-06 -5.8325191819e-07  6.1792752703e-08  2.6058907856e-04 -8.0856881536e-04  1.0638425095e-03 -2.7841290511e-06 -2.9123348255e-06  2.6417523121e-06 -2.1008368745e-07 -9.0664359418e-07  2.2235552784e-07 -3.6705523642e-07  2.1111622534e-07  1.6039647541e-03 -3.0489304439e-03  2.5333953233e-03 -3.6128083260e-04  3.0690061432e-02 -7.1172193753e-02  5.1254651748e-02 -9.4366538668e-03  1.8869265331e-03 -2.5949102865e-03  3.2702523120e-04  1.3767935247e-03 -3.0829932728e-04  3.2954161742e-04  8.8800072840e-09  3.4386778762e-04 -9.5496311975e-04  4.4244972555e-05  7.3427808333e-05  1.4834055972e-02 -4.7219463514e-02  3.0663412063e-03  4.4312954063e-03  5.6596016858e-04 -2.8928892269e-05 -6.7295433382e-05  2.6591540033e-05  5.0664564209e-06  4.2704005219e-05  1.3446088443e-03  8.1848046668e-02 -4.5755168936e-02  1.2000182356e-01 -6.0647947067e-04  1.7965023291e-01 -1.0986096208e-01  2.7305269668e-01 -1.6063071571e-03  4.9534328147e-02 -7.3977776037e-02 -3.5526465894e-05  1.3545798988e-01 -2.0662194263e-04  3.8589975052e-02  1.3966572582e-04  1.6091599782e-02  9.8861916420e-04  3.6940160158e-02  2.5882119011e-08  8.4133471681e-04  2.8230462647e-05  8.6231793727e-03 -5.6550719279e-10  4.9944371247e-05 -1.1492533258e-07  4.2135514289e-04
     6.4055058315e-06  8.3893453180e-05 -8.5873510362e-05 -1.5555690474e-04  1.2612880815e-01  7.9969368078e-04 -1.7410784838e-03 -2.2236385578e-03  2.6397602927e-01 -7.9021046022e-05  3.3603799661e-04  3.7684007086e-02  6.5205018599e-04 -5.2980533146e-02  2.4637296794e-04 -8.1867977435e-07 -3.6908970474e-04  8.5449595945e-05 -8.0589222317e-04  5.2670719359e-04 -5.1870768348e-03  1.1526118866e-03 -1.4823731217e-02  2.0809087720e-02 -6.1362345729e-04  8.3300248013e-04 -6.4020551464e-04 -4.2088617871e-03  4.4784108498e-03  3.2449859719e-05  9.5021768109e-14 -1.0758701488e-07  2.3967150405e-07 -2.0188590196e-07  2.9387179673e-07 -3.6579443164e-05  8.8570325957e-05 -1.1752775909e-04  4.2184618250e-04 -5.5851298775e-07  8.1815257248e-07 -1.2548744909e-06 -4.0155240359e-07  8.7159749451e-07 -9.2907992069e-08  9.3907174111e-07  5.4399793154e-04 -1.1163835890e-03  6.0108765262e-04  8.4725042395e-04  4.7784323725e-03 -1.2289048387e-02  5.8347232926e-03  1.9851944438e-02  9.8011432151e-04 -7.9882624382e-04 -9.3013236946e-04  3.7940180244e-04  4.8427036893e-04 -2.9286796733e-06 -1.0966295108e-09 -6.8146649711e-05  1.9011687918e-04  1.0595972036e-05  8.0472689859e-05 -1.9298347098e-03  6.2079603803e-03  3.3384874414e-04  6.4700779542e-03 -1.2388517005e-04 -1.1997800859e-05 -6.9594982604e-05 -6.8750377731e-06 -2.6831577784e-06 -2.1043751739e-06  2.4526563891e-05  4.4013507914e-04 -1.3164414317e-03 -6.0647947067e-04  6.0760371699e-02  1.1526654028e-03 -3.9094747146e-03 -1.6063071571e-03  1.4555466481e-01  7.7159309389e-04 -3.5526465894e-05 -4.6504953316e-02 -1.1929323420e-04  6.6839797453e-02  5.6949929285e-04  2.4275460901e-04  1.1101167289e-02 -1.0824445848e-05 -5.9504898480e-04  8.9106312193e-10 -1.0913844462e-05 -2.5904452027e-05 -4.5802565559e-03  2.5455134453e-10  1.9092868119e-05 -2.1988509487e-07 -4.2414731382e-04
     1.8400347231e-02  1.0737381388e-01  1.0163103029e-02 -1.2423501489e-01  1.1689171495e-04  1.1716906748e-01  3.5623014706e-03 -1.2081096085e-01  6.8542987578e-04  4.2246300853e-02 -2.0267799643e-03 -1.3603904511e-04  1.6841798103e-01 -7.3869111281e-04  6.1294113893e-02  1.1040343249e-06  1.6178524642e-03 -5.6396586573e-04  3.5957763941e-03  6.7633234947e-04  2.3868649978e-02 -7.6098576774e-03  5.9145166136e-02  1.1487302553e-02  1.5756966869e-03 -4.9275127775e-03 -9.8316731580e-04  1.9206243784e-02  5.6434785230e-03  2.3585680646e-03  1.5703457143e-14  5.1889363707e-07 -1.3241975634e-06  1.1335893821e-06 -4.8887681309e-08  2.9889979692e-04 -9.4370122668e-04  8.1687754253e-04  1.4752320489e-05  3.3733033198e-06 -4.7937075058e-06  2.1539697884e-07  2.5696652747e-06 -1.3268678734e-07  2.8396140677e-07  3.8321976345e-06  1.3364334611e-03 -2.3020577255e-03  9.5585824708e-04 -5.4424530958e-04  9.6803216553e-03 -2.5908174361e-02  6.6523835069e-03 -4.0173194110e-03  2.5787180108e-03 -1.6617573527e-03  9.4979549971e-04  6.9401903119e-04 -3.9148105209e-04  4.5318980399e-04  9.3047983484e-11  4.6023636352e-05 -1.2507443447e-04 -3.2920752919e-05  1.4212264644e-05  1.6085214517e-03 -5.2793299669e-03 -1.3778558967e-03  6.3521279020e-04  7.4710132525e-05  3.2109387271e-05 -1.3785054412e-05  7.2710239921e-06 -2.9360839396e-06  3.9069179518e-06  3.4998676929e-03  8.5312474363e-02 -9.6750877986e-02  5.7194707571e-02  4.8624739656e-04  8.9023619483e-02 -8.5761435937e-02  4.9534328147e-02  7.7159309389e-04  1.3050851841e-01 -8.5604097159e-02 -2.0132154936e-03  5.7157047259e-02 -4.3563710209e-04  3.3537109632e-02  4.4493114762e-05  3.6529002905e-03  1.4705098669e-05  1.9412584244e-03  2.2962782349e-09  9.1096840854e-05  1.7954394865e-06  8.0023064858e-04  3.9509896201e-10  4.5352875835e-05  9.5404209321e-08  2.8932342648e-04
    -4.3129424993e-02 -1.9249317312e-01 -7.6457363761e-02  1.7316204566e-01 -5.9671444725e-05 -1.5323801612e-01 -2.3810888829e-02  1.0479353262e-01 -1.6420606095e-04 -7.6745472199e-02  6.2183809703e-02 -5.9972686463e-05 -1.7740094349e-01  2.5482546480e-04 -1.0599356149e-01  2.1521731960e-06  9.3823413531e-04 -1.1340077191e-04  1.5029659764e-03  4.7139795253e-04 -1.0148108524e-02  9.9605391693e-04 -3.5258456915e-02 -4.2631710395e-03  3.7035342005e-04 -5.2610041427e-04 -2.1064907935e-04  4.5472702363e-04  1.4000111519e-03  1.0592557336e-03 -1.7748658125e-14 -4.8407937261e-07  1.2974582438e-06 -8.1129991620e-07  6.5339260044e-08  2.5184723661e-05  8.7848904426e-05  1.4340370263e-04 -1.2057371432e-06 -3.5456702327e-06  3.8245102821e-06 -2.6444472862e-07 -1.4195052322e-06  2.3563117226e-07 -3.4148383914e-07  8.8849382020e-08  1.3620041341e-03 -2.2450223411e-03  1.7142536623e-03 -5.2846387427e-04 -3.2656942716e-03  1.8003193850e-02 -2.2127894924e-03  1.2249974840e-03  2.4051482771e-03 -2.8651690423e-03  8.1817110168e-04  1.1437506261e-03 -5.7930831838e-04  3.6793440786e-04  8.2939127856e-11  8.9421989426e-05 -2.5508198944e-04 -4.5514990262e-05  2.9473581832e-05  9.6671204546e-04 -8.2517089080e-04 -2.1472373254e-04  3.3795179141e-04  1.4041061652e-04  4.2962885877e-05 -2.6212747551e-05  8.2607078925e-06 -4.1344659243e-06  6.9842989666e-06 -2.0533433368e-03 -7.6493754744e-02  9.9064139437e-02 -8.7071136129e-02 -6.6721848007e-05 -8.0825464755e-02  8.5795973070e-02 -7.3977776037e-02 -3.5526465894e-05 -8.5604097159e-02  1.7147114178e-01 -7.5454559448e-04 -8.8017929920e-02 -1.0110250491e-03 -2.7325780979e-02  4.6775474260e-05 -1.2095387376e-03  4.5955259165e-05  2.2719814195e-04  3.1736214217e-09  1.2751054767e-04  3.0632084055e-06  3.7576440819e-04 -3.5109302263e-10  9.1148489673e-06 -8.4986991860e-08 -1.2971514680e-05
    -3.8102321225e-06 -1.3916973367e-04 -3.8983783952e-06  2.4667353567e-04 -6.8365190390e-02 -1.0235120908e-03 -2.2150504924e-04  1.8347169175e-03 -7.4025088467e-02 -1.4940290477e-04 -4.3185039221e-05 -2.9393502151e-02 -8.8530424690e-04  1.1564470074e-01 -3.6684223880e-04  7.8151335839e-07  5.8938055577e-04 -7.3577347811e-05  1.3927587369e-03 -6.6794793656e-04  3.4170884073e-03 -6.9122669411e-04  9.1755231996e-03 -1.3382772660e-02  3.1731205584e-04 -6.6964504855e-04  4.4245208082e-04  6.7726945948e-03 -5.7735535526e-03 -8.9424983273e-04 -6.4507112280e-15 -1.2419038932e-07  3.1291230881e-07 -2.4083515803e-07  3.5227733475e-07 -2.9061844283e-05  6.9184327977e-05 -7.3576237909e-05  5.4047775273e-05 -8.0520702304e-07  1.0721380963e-06 -1.5991487574e-06 -4.7322763710e-07  1.1680128424e-06 -5.5621830876e-08  1.0828478573e-06  3.9865965359e-04 -6.9801476907e-04  2.8806198263e-04  6.2611705756e-04 -9.4016628949e-04  3.3916039114e-03 -4.2744276928e-04 -1.7441719236e-03  1.1878711342e-03 -6.7987242540e-04 -1.0426540864e-03  2.6840356521e-04  3.8754510325e-04 -1.6952815892e-04 -1.4946689354e-11 -1.8225258664e-05  5.1342403118e-05  1.4177252927e-05  1.5565411498e-05 -1.5743643404e-04  2.3731641779e-04  1.2676773525e-04  2.1219362639e-04 -3.1202594241e-05 -1.4195758686e-05 -1.1264889799e-05 -3.2813866683e-06 -2.6768674417e-06  2.3647398439e-07 -4.7647267976e-05 -1.5800577111e-03  8.4220519589e-04 -6.6721848007e-05 -5.0986468893e-02 -2.0327060911e-03  1.3364384414e-03 -3.5526465894e-05 -4.6504953316e-02 -2.0132154936e-03 -7.5454559448e-04  1.0061132890e-01 -5.8371558427e-04 -4.7329641012e-02 -1.8130825019e-03  8.2535836599e-05 -1.0062411526e-03 -1.0504190298e-06 -6.7589894895e-05 -1.6739965347e-10 -7.1219858726e-06 -2.6788615422e-06 -1.5011743026e-04  1.4925660064e-10 -5.5757704828e-07 -1.1715982305e-07 -1.9140722769e-05
     3.5589072843e-02  1.8438129214e-01  1.5758691663e-01 -1.1045865478e-01 -4.1974704034e-05  1.7937323381e-01  1.3841130382e-01 -7.5284216481e-02 -1.9861352154e-04  2.0032824352e-01 -1.0280162500e-01 -2.9440974042e-04  1.1372738484e-01 -1.9637015279e-05  1.0375475915e-01  1.9168861406e-06  6.0731169072e-04  2.3155903451e-04  9.9027927889e-04  3.0699652910e-04  1.0782956855e-02  4.5193658752e-03  3.2790950270e-02  5.0725298482e-03  6.0717030341e-04  9.6113242483e-04  2.6206893671e-04  3.8131074140e-03  1.4074421527e-03  8.2224888477e-04  7.0857665399e-15  2.7099820120e-07 -7.5811879797e-07  4.4851920703e-07 -8.3639180914e-09  4.0411619831e-04 -1.3027537921e-03  1.3112224320e-03  3.2447325181e-05  2.1286931069e-06 -2.1358196427e-06  8.1124706363e-10  7.9096671233e-07 -7.8035657406e-08  1.8825915457e-07  1.8264517230e-07  1.7276381492e-03 -3.7563565841e-03  2.1444268553e-03 -6.3045739194e-04  2.3524964268e-02 -5.5518796870e-02  2.8385537508e-02 -9.7386583182e-03  2.5820140509e-03 -2.4868140259e-03  6.8809852755e-04  1.0312838220e-03 -4.1593859537e-04  2.6255429197e-04  2.6033464464e-11  8.3479642198e-05 -2.5814508963e-04 -3.1008148548e-05  2.8779306988e-05  6.4846288374e-03 -2.1615700084e-02 -2.7996404119e-03  2.6943984085e-03  1.1150078267e-04  2.3599776497e-05 -2.0272158537e-05  4.2714935168e-06 -2.2764884377e-06  5.1186040457e-06  4.3575523092e-03  1.1730857504e-01 -5.0270543883e-02  1.5509323239e-01 -1.3566903974e-04  1.2267817896e-01 -4.2711088909e-02  1.3545798988e-01 -1.1929323420e-04  5.7157047259e-02 -8.8017929920e-02 -5.8371558427e-04  2.0281268519e-01 -8.4713530645e-04  4.4834470659e-02  4.5334290958e-05  9.1762299143e-03  6.5469916974e-05  1.0172982240e-02  1.7694057899e-09  3.1938776010e-04  2.3936055573e-06  3.0580713469e-03  2.0124694900e-10  6.3919185367e-05  4.5038635948e-08  4.3194890863e-04
     5.2903754604e-06  2.3870708395e-05 -5.7033429702e-05 -6.4307338570e-05  9.6053605853e-02 -3.0995457112e-04 -6.2751238572e-04  3.2237817246e-04  1.0479387794e-01 -2.7028402943e-04  1.2805696330e-04  1.1639113608e-01  9.2092924923e-05 -1.0961078525e-01 -3.6004406008e-05  1.1067123567e-06  2.3472173344e-04  1.0705162454e-04  4.0488363038e-04 -3.8536364405e-04 -2.2549718839e-03 -8.0056277306e-04 -7.1607458324e-03  5.0763501803e-03  2.0259101167e-04  3.0793835302e-04 -3.3776072679e-04 -8.1228906388e-05 -1.2473458186e-03 -4.2197150571e-04  5.2077280937e-15  7.4450781609e-08 -1.7998989937e-07  1.4621562721e-07 -2.5019691417e-07 -2.4820248317e-05  7.9146246691e-05 -7.5715159245e-05  1.9618912191e-04  4.5079590298e-07 -6.7018393275e-07  1.1892350142e-06  2.7546253953e-07 -7.2152391722e-07  1.2995842314e-08  1.5362725709e-07  5.3398050055e-04 -1.1977764401e-03  6.6140548817e-04  6.9799261631e-04  2.7142009979e-03 -6.6396284601e-03  3.1769240544e-03  1.1337326362e-02  1.1031490183e-03 -1.0777920802e-03 -7.7012184934e-04  3.5823166568e-04  4.5255346937e-04 -9.4925430276e-05 -8.1731152369e-12 -2.3709496996e-05  7.2688456962e-05  1.3247469261e-05  2.2133177624e-05 -8.6274236384e-04  2.8394657209e-03  5.0932703234e-04  2.6957492585e-03 -3.6737254194e-05 -1.1619238745e-05 -1.3389768245e-05 -2.2371348655e-06 -2.1274638410e-06  4.7479850570e-07  9.2784167779e-05 -8.1727959162e-04 -6.6721848007e-05 -2.3498566984e-04  7.3455375500e-02 -9.6728836245e-04 -3.5526465894e-05 -2.0662194263e-04  6.6839797453e-02 -4.3563710209e-04 -1.0110250491e-03 -4.7329641012e-02 -8.4713530645e-04  1.3450341198e-01 -8.5523536017e-04  7.7266165541e-05  4.9381075775e-03 -2.1955912157e-06 -2.4335236012e-04 -9.4337042926e-11 -6.4452023006e-06 -3.0898494452e-06 -1.5927399877e-03 -1.1366651983e-10  7.5117863075e-06  5.8142084758e-08 -1.8644054400e-04
     6.5256891105e-04  2.8488026674e-02  1.8194897281e-02 -2.5449516254e-02  5.3414997623e-05  5.6799127274e-02  3.7361884855e-02 -5.1879899407e-02  3.5189246191e-04  3.0670173408e-02 -3.1143127142e-02 -1.0135328055e-04  4.2774208240e-02 -4.0843912135e-04  5.3998938412e-02  3.0333810401e-07  5.6149938558e-04  1.5193698479e-04  1.2100786774e-03 -1.1406602110e-04  1.1086582729e-02  3.5634136058e-03  2.7847412479e-02  2.4004032329e-03  6.4112467011e-04  1.1527047370e-03 -1.9074725021e-04  6.6078731138e-03 -7.0860571612e-04  1.3607452023e-03  1.7993905387e-15  1.6137363754e-07 -4.5299922863e-07  3.2811038004e-07 -3.2312667289e-08  3.4982320645e-04 -1.1362442439e-03  9.5456199712e-04  6.5428920584e-06  1.2284661125e-06 -1.5101209947e-06  1.3350518207e-07  6.6694353262e-07 -1.2247323211e-07  1.3620989427e-07  2.0331143352e-07  9.4343562987e-04 -2.0672742381e-03  6.5082646384e-04  2.0677737830e-05  1.1091194737e-02 -2.6901052304e-02  8.0146107278e-03 -2.8050451275e-03  1.6986864492e-03 -8.5775911680e-04 -1.9714423130e-04  2.7655212762e-04  4.6900151024e-05  2.7691438548e-04  1.2746130632e-12  1.5750035484e-05 -4.8616688636e-05 -1.1595051982e-05 -1.7256479892e-06  1.9787696897e-03 -6.6899587110e-03 -1.6804757634e-03  4.4190287512e-04  1.7822320796e-05  7.1167456785e-06  2.2994233109e-06  1.5461835580e-06  6.2194931424e-07  1.1720715403e-06  2.5744230700e-03  5.8132566034e-02 -2.9437051540e-02  4.2409480818e-02  9.0445802914e-04  6.1086176689e-02 -2.6849647315e-02  3.8589975052e-02  5.6949929285e-04  3.3537109632e-02 -2.7325780979e-02 -1.8130825019e-03  4.4834470659e-02 -8.5523536017e-04  7.1395615215e-02  1.0180184915e-04  5.6831410472e-03  4.8608863862e-06  2.3848333599e-03  2.1868912775e-10  9.2396306963e-05  1.9340843465e-06  1.3378777215e-03  1.0372758952e-10  5.4894646146e-05  7.2435710383e-08  4.1509634692e-04
     8.2092534768e-09  2.6609388432e-06  4.7343761527e-06 -1.3516978416e-06  3.4197450573e-06  5.6004450940e-05  1.1711444451e-04 -3.2041864537e-05  9.5911436913e-05  2.2474244570e-05 -8.9384251608e-06  2.5790424560e-05  3.8091353150e-06 -7.2070829385e-06  1.3987011285e-05  4.9166061162e-13  1.2401022372e-08  1.9194700000e-08  2.2725393766e-08  2.1557609887e-08  4.9657856685e-06  8.9826769727e-06  1.2805942942e-05  1.1004055122e-05  1.4635247649e-07  2.5904435355e-07  2.4278299873e-07  2.0701169763e-07  3.0099539158e-07  1.8758636325e-07  1.2135084608e-13  1.2358042845e-08 -2.3052726230e-08  2.6711050689e-08  1.6204275958e-08  5.0762454779e-06 -1.0676027437e-05  1.4306293094e-05  8.0593421477e-06  4.6155657404e-08 -8.4854445172e-08 -5.2225563546e-08  6.1710400939e-08  5.7728157482e-08  2.7264053184e-08  4.9397450102e-07  5.9650767874e-05 -7.8520302204e-05  5.0948994164e-05  5.2602739926e-05  1.5594660519e-04 -2.0699921193e-04  1.4210942688e-04  1.5461979750e-04  7.8786021147e-05 -6.7005667069e-05 -7.5354255159e-05  4.3385318614e-05  4.0892726636e-05  4.1592549844e-05  3.9261399959e-11  1.2589985097e-06 -2.7235568581e-06 -6.3650091599e-07  1.9435569550e-06  3.1282534548e-05 -7.2601898735e-05 -1.8993468528e-05  5.6422644863e-05  1.5341215490e-06  5.6316570766e-07 -1.6851982913e-06  1.8601710349e-07 -3.4404179949e-07  8.0234585617e-07  8.4551195063e-07  6.9069317468e-05  5.3903797960e-05  5.3270407244e-05  9.5009481090e-05  1.6696531408e-04  1.2349179161e-04  1.3966572582e-04  2.4275460901e-04  4.4493114762e-05  4.6775474260e-05  8.2535836599e-05  4.5334290958e-05  7.7266165541e-05  1.0180184915e-04  5.1262810519e-05  1.9001440577e-04  8.0526552401e-07  4.0433629199e-05  1.1542238857e-09  4.5568116946e-06  2.6371720971e-09  4.5815650441e-06  1.5621079678e-10  1.8794211096e-06  1.3348335240e-10  1.4849247410e-06
     1.1450364746e-03  8.2270976021e-03  5.9433980923e-03 -1.4889977126e-03  4.3478749207e-03  1.6078277445e-02  1.4509148412e-02 -3.9616644888e-04  1.4377518732e-02  1.2142453787e-02  2.1475645837e-04  6.4735243155e-03  6.9630740875e-03 -1.1322608778e-03  1.1255922216e-02  3.4133369582e-08  2.6140038220e-05  4.7379985001e-06  4.9628235092e-05  2.0036192796e-05  8.0411571973e-04  2.8403913664e-04  2.1831070192e-03  1.0008982212e-03  4.2413796798e-05  2.2192326014e-05  9.8725923838e-06  2.6200799533e-04  1.5299333981e-04  8.8272926372e-05  6.4577567882e-12  1.6731047152e-07 -3.7442815546e-07  3.1047559057e-07  6.2668124012e-08  7.7515572195e-05 -2.0670318546e-04  2.3819493161e-04  6.6148307352e-05  9.1468059272e-07 -1.1616360153e-06 -2.4846152193e-07  6.7079316790e-07  1.8263885460e-07  1.5312392126e-07  2.4931537480e-06  6.3305569579e-04 -1.0369538081e-03  7.2831038665e-04  1.7220652173e-04  4.5436738828e-03 -8.7707894178e-03  6.3061169452e-03  2.1694495316e-03  9.0420336211e-04 -9.0540304525e-04 -2.1426070333e-04  5.2946023320e-04  1.1729154524e-04  2.0645902878e-04  8.0047086011e-09  6.1175133494e-05 -1.5151204928e-04 -2.3970334316e-06  4.2549909137e-05  1.5172552312e-03 -4.2614807546e-03  2.5754536636e-05  1.6349240629e-03  1.0660129205e-04  5.9636785569e-06 -4.5347142464e-05  7.0851387075e-06 -2.1117906161e-07  1.6236706558e-05  3.2808936924e-04  7.0728059620e-03 -1.3123295291e-03  8.0147601124e-03  4.3364890826e-03  1.3060064956e-02 -1.6720962970e-03  1.6091599782e-02  1.1101167289e-02  3.6529002905e-03 -1.2095387376e-03 -1.0062411526e-03  9.1762299143e-03  4.9381075775e-03  5.6831410472e-03  1.9001440577e-04  4.2905976282e-03  1.3677799269e-04  3.3667924322e-03  1.8306061259e-08  1.3431498735e-04  1.8491170449e-06  4.5352922159e-04  6.1608805745e-10  2.0048101132e-05  2.1827178511e-08  4.9003551548e-05
     5.5918927931e-08  2.1794030159e-05  4.5460371074e-05  2.3614707705e-05 -9.2459081197e-07  4.7028316683e-04  1.0802298753e-03  6.2725498270e-04 -1.7631503491e-05  2.5363278841e-04  2.1782760659e-04 -8.0098406413e-06  8.9328292277e-05 -4.1118136965e-06  2.5429149037e-05  1.8694844767e-18  1.2592635153e-11  2.0841091457e-11  4.7719300511e-11  2.6224143138e-12  1.2295811623e-06  2.5988129854e-06  5.7289434287e-06  4.6084811937e-07  5.8849461601e-10  1.9947453188e-09  1.1751761780e-10  2.6221300481e-09  2.7852793804e-10  9.2607869302e-11  1.0779366139e-19  2.2282318792e-11 -3.6883203639e-11  9.1266920501e-11 -3.2354202285e-12  1.7202220401e-06 -3.3180284665e-06  7.9864250127e-06  9.0997617783e-08  5.5794034974e-11 -2.0901083871e-10  8.4144221901e-12  3.0726044455e-10 -1.7673023324e-11  7.9264942048e-12  2.1722010221e-09  2.0298811137e-05 -2.2270985170e-05  4.5928407349e-05 -7.2325607293e-06  2.9908363098e-04 -3.5771747462e-04  7.3805392673e-04 -1.2421943863e-04  9.0316003722e-06 -2.6985345851e-05  4.5529631036e-06  3.3633117946e-05 -8.5882435548e-06  3.0969878790e-06  5.2337934232e-08  6.0068194473e-05 -1.3216964494e-04  4.2289592333e-05  2.2490131656e-05  4.9731544685e-04 -1.1387654624e-03  4.2228170844e-04  2.0400503229e-04  1.1991540550e-04 -6.2944413309e-05 -3.3846515759e-05  1.6809668522e-05  1.0673477366e-05  1.2166591320e-05  1.1353389154e-08  3.6145211924e-05  3.4109267610e-05  8.1640317067e-05 -1.5777327715e-06  4.0314024543e-04  3.6627309571e-04  9.8861916420e-04 -1.0824445848e-05  1.4705098669e-05  4.5955259165e-05 -1.0504190298e-06  6.5469916974e-05 -2.1955912157e-06  4.8608863862e-06  8.0526552401e-07  1.3677799269e-04  3.4539396349e-04  1.2931376947e-03  2.7467926024e-08  5.2760147421e-05  2.0968758110e-06  2.0631043757e-04  5.7597845920e-14  5.2164784889e-07  8.9905503235e-12  2.4800843768e-06
     1.9154253868e-03  1.4619324098e-02  1.2327262594e-02  7.4606117447e-03 -2.6371012662e-04  3.5906818321e-02  4.0541721291e-02  3.4149128633e-02 -1.0211330607e-03  2.6770082319e-02  1.7092728680e-02 -5.3074273760e-04  1.9545055124e-02 -3.2567676397e-04  1.5392291824e-02  1.3573372181e-09  3.0654298580e-06  5.4984943457e-07  7.4202678175e-06  4.0646454794e-07  3.9681844356e-04  2.6798816913e-04  1.4162431139e-03  9.0285833402e-05  6.0644542852e-06  7.6551928901e-06 -4.1303399983e-07  6.3218824927e-05  4.9737329169e-06  7.2147736707e-06  1.8556024448e-13  1.6954093945e-08 -3.4887967774e-08  4.3290706143e-08 -3.6221346067e-09  5.4424708100e-05 -1.3688182273e-04  2.1385963430e-04 -2.0011207293e-06  7.5743846691e-08 -1.4392212998e-07  1.1790246588e-08  1.1401040944e-07 -1.5309430387e-08  1.1840157765e-08  5.0051145314e-07  4.5110823079e-04 -6.9202386780e-04  7.6964823179e-04 -1.1785694050e-04  6.2850656561e-03 -1.1188785544e-02  1.3182814474e-02 -2.0727859179e-03  4.3943854401e-04 -7.1366341360e-04  1.0712058350e-04  5.2181103655e-04 -1.1972033086e-04  1.1426595215e-04  5.7259842126e-08  2.7203509281e-04 -6.8653723806e-04  1.0716937763e-04  6.5287749852e-05  5.9860302575e-03 -1.6751000916e-02  3.9848155228e-03  1.8685399528e-03  4.9407586447e-04 -1.1009850627e-04 -7.2327016682e-05  3.7731956283e-05  1.3536155006e-05  4.7677293035e-05  9.6561956788e-05  5.3911195696e-03  7.6923059608e-05  8.8748233003e-03 -1.6245543410e-04  1.8257587887e-02  1.9031045997e-03  3.6940160158e-02 -5.9504898480e-04  1.9412584244e-03  2.2719814195e-04 -6.7589894895e-05  1.0172982240e-02 -2.4335236012e-04  2.3848333599e-03  4.0433629199e-05  3.3667924322e-03  1.2931376947e-03  1.8172246956e-02  5.2535351836e-08  4.4454845782e-04  2.1986616911e-05  3.2229231476e-03  3.0388969960e-11  1.2016981725e-05  8.6334023960e-09  7.9814811416e-05
     6.8755497500e-16  1.9429796838e-11  5.9155966744e-11  7.9359375181e-12  1.9542628754e-14  3.7206653175e-09  1.2509248779e-08  1.4297487008e-09  2.0082018608e-10  7.7216709517e-10  1.6970731242e-10  3.1789279022e-12  4.1562090345e-11  2.2232358295e-12  3.7294509127e-11  1.9365570338e-22  1.2164819046e-15  3.5412401094e-15  3.5193703697e-15  2.3897370959e-16  7.6127543837e-11  2.4523560012e-10  2.8532069692e-10  2.8698640128e-11  1.4041546244e-13  2.4369822133e-13  1.4760132794e-14  1.5330667153e-13  1.6343060404e-14  8.0486191405e-15  5.7372378423e-17  2.1171322233e-12 -9.4754132073e-13  6.7129234603e-12 -6.5716160701e-14  1.2542626598e-09 -9.3422427231e-10  4.6321155926e-09  9.2631506500e-11  1.3699271310e-12 -4.8850292315e-12  9.0965103026e-14  2.1499324016e-11 -4.6661711157e-13  6.7337528692e-13  8.7353179234e-11  1.9079107833e-08 -1.7160692092e-09  3.0193250233e-08 -8.9243106150e-09  3.7670110847e-08 -6.9228459316e-09  6.3237246788e-08 -1.1491825193e-08  5.0992498199e-09 -3.7507123338e-09  9.2015947523e-10  3.7853079947e-08 -2.1007835488e-08  1.0026104156e-08  2.2150687055e-09  3.7570366217e-08 -4.9214657607e-08  5.6496900336e-09  2.2457160030e-08  5.1854991575e-08 -6.3983161246e-08  3.9497520464e-09  2.9465378404e-08  5.8585849287e-08 -1.0341649257e-08 -3.3264671174e-08  1.9067794826e-08  6.4072613052e-09  2.0906977497e-08  3.9055092959e-13  1.7639673791e-09  3.2073363957e-09  2.7825353144e-09 -8.6265403375e-11  1.5669515750e-08  2.8999749798e-08  2.5882119011e-08  8.9106312193e-10  2.2962782349e-09  3.1736214217e-09 -1.6739965347e-10  1.7694057899e-09 -9.4337042926e-11  2.1868912775e-10  1.1542238857e-09  1.8306061259e-08  2.7467926024e-08  5.2535351836e-08  5.5036660876e-10  1.2601063668e-08  1.7756931506e-09  1.8827656482e-08  5.1597007300e-14  4.6952270882e-10  6.2904918887e-13  1.0556320624e-09
     1.3693270154e-05  1.6319350562e-04  2.0708529849e-04  3.9435131571e-05 -1.0294550839e-07  5.5204849950e-04  9.2246648907e-04  3.1284750300e-04 -1.8283582254e-06  5.2356523229e-04  1.8698903282e-04 -1.5362604132e-06  1.6853259045e-04  4.1431208881e-07  1.7857370933e-04  9.0323786167e-11  1.2198673925e-07  8.6957980162e-08  2.5935471313e-07  1.5860503161e-08  1.1474881734e-05  1.4653182912e-05  3.8349866569e-05  2.5378112573e-06  4.0641345709e-07  8.8519484342e-07  1.8728773995e-08  1.8296037400e-06  1.3332052968e-07  2.7429372560e-07  9.3506232238e-13  8.9211296370e-09 -1.5459547854e-08  2.0861709219e-08 -1.6627619204e-09  4.4964933052e-06 -9.4881212099e-06  1.6034789061e-05 -3.5939508461e-07  3.1284589305e-08 -6.0732472061e-08  5.4304360788e-09  5.3420720736e-08 -6.5240527064e-09  6.4245148843e-09  2.1369137245e-07  4.5882157236e-05 -5.7827807546e-05  6.7851753740e-05 -1.3433054595e-05  2.6187239637e-04 -3.7358631867e-04  4.6904119876e-04 -8.8524216203e-05  4.5107816802e-05 -7.1306645010e-05  1.3832026373e-05  5.8730050498e-05 -1.6325280958e-05  1.7437251747e-05  2.2964577448e-08  2.3591180812e-05 -5.2802073564e-05  3.2373881344e-06  6.3782179678e-06  2.2331764895e-04 -5.4863645020e-04  6.7739074858e-05  7.6114913192e-05  4.7949926816e-05 -3.5593298110e-06 -8.7066697206e-06  4.2105856333e-06  8.9449828991e-07  6.2956100303e-06  4.8519170668e-06  1.8728310500e-04  7.9971665229e-05  2.7955534836e-04 -5.3261219468e-06  4.8612272274e-04  2.5139664506e-04  8.4133471681e-04 -1.0913844462e-05  9.1096840854e-05  1.2751054767e-04 -7.1219858726e-06  3.1938776010e-04 -6.4452023006e-06  9.2396306963e-05  4.5568116946e-06  1.3431498735e-04  5.2760147421e-05  4.4454845782e-04  1.2601063668e-08  2.1063526215e-05  2.1494695926e-06  1.1479538417e-04  3.0273336337e-11  9.9623114360e-07  4.2352662046e-09  5.3657997257e-06
     4.8593936907e-11  1.0074840790e-07  2.3658397882e-07  2.9672247400e-08 -1.2998866239e-07  7.0529708262e-06  1.8386350424e-05  2.1153569121e-06 -1.1810687624e-05  1.8932066324e-06  4.0471534297e-07 -1.7507422539e-06  1.4913411880e-07 -2.2022739851e-07  7.2296273549e-07  3.9299077545e-17  3.3846940517e-11  7.3119510066e-11  9.5001314437e-11 -3.8406226736e-11  2.7621229244e-07  6.7321793622e-07  9.9131269329e-07 -3.5728547475e-07  1.4197740148e-09  2.9942335478e-09 -1.2061289537e-09  2.4194677079e-09 -1.5794535046e-09  4.8427764545e-10  5.6826551347e-17  3.7357274936e-10 -4.9095896257e-10  1.1369870698e-09 -5.4935138293e-10  4.8181671272e-07 -7.8585975248e-07  1.7422024844e-06 -7.0647993544e-07  6.6119423895e-10 -2.4832322391e-09  1.1339826337e-09  3.3205209434e-09 -2.7203121457e-09  8.4708709388e-10  4.6038958661e-10  1.4890128874e-06 -1.2547077009e-06  2.1594937377e-06 -2.4125046420e-06  1.3407132933e-05 -1.2347028060e-05  2.1156033594e-05 -2.4223905134e-05  5.6102715845e-07 -1.2268668997e-06  1.3746893905e-06  1.4134109761e-06 -2.1783643554e-06  1.6667337329e-06  3.7750194904e-09  5.3327387152e-06 -1.0047698094e-05 -3.7207950178e-07 -4.2362935013e-06  2.3074991165e-05 -4.6341262714e-05 -4.0694637902e-07 -2.1291004337e-05  1.1377803417e-05  7.5278301877e-07  8.0094616492e-06  8.1626367677e-07  6.8072248320e-07  2.7902626454e-06  1.4053678520e-09  2.4371315491e-06  2.9775329666e-06  3.5779562020e-06 -3.1818198460e-06  1.8145038103e-05  2.1185450783e-05  2.8230462647e-05 -2.5904452027e-05  1.7954394865e-06  3.0632084055e-06 -2.6788615422e-06  2.3936055573e-06 -3.0898494452e-06  1.9340843465e-06  2.6371720971e-09  1.8491170449e-06  2.0968758110e-06  2.1986616911e-05  1.7756931506e-09  2.1494695926e-06  3.4554213366e-06  2.8804204128e-05  2.9505641190e-13  8.0510448434e-08  1.1999123041e-09  1.3598897366e-06
     2.8489745354e-04  2.5192429721e-03  2.4071807026e-03  4.4632785679e-04 -1.3180994506e-03  6.8545056256e-03  8.6681160311e-03  3.2336612960e-03 -6.2217404471e-03  5.2894851026e-03  1.7237064121e-03 -2.9469607421e-03  2.4229577088e-03 -7.4645426098e-04  3.6479835993e-03  2.9605831192e-09  3.5267468335e-06  1.4526659562e-06  7.6994352111e-06 -1.3289968617e-06  2.3019435705e-04  1.8924860919e-04  7.3664987752e-04 -1.5599442838e-04  7.7890017095e-06  1.3906211134e-05 -3.8982472889e-06  5.2205697517e-05 -1.5362473604e-05  8.7443886076e-06  9.4584502989e-13  4.1163073958e-08 -8.2459394941e-08  9.2119658166e-08 -2.8334363920e-08  3.4295675388e-05 -8.1406798276e-05  1.1880134064e-04 -3.0277546084e-05  1.8160332162e-07 -3.0218305177e-07  9.5403093242e-08  2.2602527595e-07 -1.0677568648e-07  4.2770685433e-08  3.7067967344e-07  1.6590396553e-04 -2.3596168110e-04  2.3287168617e-04 -1.3342394327e-04  1.6845587283e-03 -2.8235833557e-03  2.8893257371e-03 -1.9143426593e-03  1.6560317520e-04 -2.3374738693e-04  1.2824677438e-04  1.6448566605e-04 -1.1996260351e-04  8.6453131648e-05  2.8356346540e-08  1.1131478157e-04 -2.7122643626e-04  1.2489506822e-05 -2.6268025261e-05  1.7490746100e-03 -4.7277076334e-03  4.6981751722e-04 -7.6054847531e-04  2.1752770638e-04 -1.1274064517e-05  3.1905687081e-05  1.4718995330e-05  1.3102528599e-06  2.0849695785e-05  5.0916909999e-05  1.9421791152e-03  2.2550650096e-04  2.7400378342e-03 -1.1831497159e-03  5.2769161533e-03  1.0368269688e-03  8.6231793727e-03 -4.5802565559e-03  8.0023064858e-04  3.7576440819e-04 -1.5011743026e-04  3.0580713469e-03 -1.5927399877e-03  1.3378777215e-03  4.5815650441e-06  4.5352922159e-04  2.0631043757e-04  3.2229231476e-03  1.8827656482e-08  1.1479538417e-04  2.8804204128e-05  1.7174029207e-03  5.2080651933e-11  5.3941201298e-06  5.0592227308e-08  7.6836960420e-05
     4.3802722749e-19  1.2644191850e-14  3.3779604963e-14 -2.2713453640e-14  5.3613990982e-15  1.4247072240e-11  4.2749234989e-11 -3.7184639126e-11  6.4082314104e-12  5.3145774637e-13 -6.2676871499e-13  1.3057392590e-13  2.9171993934e-13 -9.8691482206e-14  4.8011324506e-14  2.0090208290e-16  2.5042545422e-12  6.6708626274e-12  1.2806436468e-12  2.4314761855e-12  1.5377023391e-10  4.0541187115e-10  8.8695706799e-11  1.4596491098e-10  6.6014547420e-11  1.9669790819e-11  4.0306226790e-11  5.7511708938e-12  5.9880084225e-12  1.3392301068e-11  2.8491259119e-12  1.8769163426e-10 -1.8959657351e-10  2.4550138275e-10  1.2265108942e-10  7.0498133441e-10 -8.7589067507e-10  7.8083720550e-10  4.4924582436e-10  3.3031531966e-10 -3.9997191065e-10 -2.7655260419e-10  3.7611369254e-10  2.4417829175e-10  2.6173011278e-10  1.9964596121e-10  1.2858184869e-09 -7.1220578020e-10 -1.2671031468e-09 -3.9592996120e-10  1.1803793916e-09 -5.8414498587e-10 -9.6206301136e-10  2.6448544500e-11  7.5831094768e-10  6.6950524708e-10 -1.8233042226e-10  1.1867251290e-09 -6.4093660094e-11  7.6607161536e-10  2.6122116657e-15  8.6782910888e-12 -1.0934713558e-11 -1.8647061086e-11  5.1108681462e-12  1.3659775960e-10 -1.9341903635e-10 -3.1483384453e-10  1.0015742751e-10  4.9242372506e-12  1.0498141674e-11 -3.1427515549e-12  1.1163235208e-11 -5.1501672813e-12  1.7721237321e-12  1.3680787497e-12  2.4788005788e-10  3.6093530219e-10 -2.2184518234e-10  9.4029427303e-11  6.1255184710e-10  9.1410195080e-10 -5.6550719279e-10  2.5455134453e-10  3.9509896201e-10 -3.5109302263e-10  1.4925660064e-10  2.0124694900e-10 -1.1366651983e-10  1.0372758952e-10  1.5621079678e-10  6.1608805745e-10  5.7597845920e-14  3.0388969960e-11  5.1597007300e-14  3.0273336337e-11  2.9505641190e-13  5.2080651933e-11  5.1400218515e-12  2.2037360356e-10  1.4313719722e-11  2.5181415360e-10
     1.8839310577e-06  2.1242940175e-05  2.0877514346e-05 -1.3344923304e-05  3.3548811211e-06  4.9267667638e-05  6.1807238611e-05 -2.9926611678e-05  1.3442760643e-05  4.3944740436e-05 -1.9876296098e-05  7.4825069543e-06  2.4853570834e-05 -4.6435525851e-06  2.2504132319e-05  3.7110452884e-09  1.1199227715e-06  8.2711182350e-07  1.6429868994e-06  4.9321447693e-07  1.0840191717e-05  1.0248438381e-05  2.1960684402e-05  6.7305747812e-06  2.6164936302e-06  3.3071476990e-06  9.1975621280e-07  5.7027735619e-06  2.0348438030e-06  2.3646863261e-06  1.4478009276e-11  5.5335187356e-08 -1.1505848876e-07  7.9883423476e-08 -1.7177000091e-09  2.6255885230e-06 -5.9286999719e-06  5.6931808580e-06  4.4087062320e-07  2.7718644922e-07 -2.8794458896e-07  6.7399458573e-09  1.4882131413e-07 -7.2823240032e-09  5.2855973812e-08  2.6173039828e-07  1.3081965108e-05 -1.8870676365e-05  7.4167455427e-06 -2.1425501949e-06  3.5118512472e-05 -5.5831056387e-05  2.5547597637e-05 -4.1903131113e-06  2.0729714993e-05 -1.0937258663e-05  2.5544459738e-06  8.2499642369e-06 -1.2534392278e-06  6.5564484045e-06  3.2550200630e-10  9.1865030170e-07 -2.0460256715e-06 -4.8530316929e-07  2.8728959375e-07  1.0709993721e-05 -2.6855351995e-05 -6.4151743885e-06  4.9530796083e-06  1.7536881062e-06  7.0315977540e-07 -4.0911599086e-07  2.5189642473e-07 -8.4032630996e-08  2.0941768559e-07  6.6188443198e-06  6.7348636946e-05  1.3589518713e-05  4.3805324088e-05  1.4209715384e-05  7.6458781277e-05  1.7416969919e-05  4.9944371247e-05  1.9092868119e-05  4.5352875835e-05  9.1148489673e-06 -5.5757704828e-07  6.3919185367e-05  7.5117863075e-06  5.4894646146e-05  1.8794211096e-06  2.0048101132e-05  5.2164784889e-07  1.2016981725e-05  4.6952270882e-10  9.9623114360e-07  8.0510448434e-08  5.3941201298e-06  2.2037360356e-10  5.1217991827e-07  1.3060617550e-08  1.9090879841e-06
     4.1763362304e-15  1.8991467207e-11  4.0311146247e-11 -3.0556499551e-11 -2.0217111981e-11  7.3168113554e-09  1.9511494665e-08 -1.6867026454e-08 -1.0820174658e-08  4.0360189666e-10 -4.9779470864e-10 -3.3127048816e-10  2.5484954293e-10  2.5829731118e-10  1.3387997831e-10  7.3414421011e-13  1.8988766557e-09  3.7906862206e-09  1.5975267417e-09 -1.5523062153e-09  5.7106326789e-08  1.4244889539e-07  6.0381621462e-08 -4.7651549254e-08  2.4313424005e-08  1.5761857030e-08 -1.1528246964e-08  5.4974554720e-09 -4.6559466071e-09  5.0181798490e-09  2.4263019591e-12  1.2108029503e-08 -2.1007414650e-08  1.2592161655e-08 -1.2237721502e-08  9.0459046992e-08 -1.5309596120e-07  1.1896827344e-07 -9.7543148780e-08  4.3353680650e-08 -4.3072230243e-08  4.0819932958e-08  1.6290478039e-08 -2.4493774727e-08  1.4851480230e-08  1.6042586207e-09  5.3759075783e-08 -5.0266892599e-08 -3.0251307903e-08 -8.2482584380e-08  1.5630335302e-07 -1.4035453060e-07 -8.9935765463e-08 -2.5018456287e-07  3.8512998760e-08  3.0758295727e-08  7.3731955507e-08  2.4271435236e-08  3.5008846520e-08  8.5099810270e-08  1.2896891936e-13  2.3569455531e-09 -4.0466731120e-09 -4.5954593857e-09 -1.7847748472e-09  3.8672239755e-08 -7.1536247424e-08 -7.9791145621e-08 -3.0833384422e-08  2.0444762538e-09  3.6508612761e-09  1.3350816891e-09  2.4789628386e-09  1.6156690276e-09  4.4295989808e-10  7.3522896616e-10  7.6119524763e-08  9.6309105830e-08 -5.2594095537e-08 -8.2404488489e-08  1.8163657481e-07  2.1909579414e-07 -1.1492533258e-07 -2.1988509487e-07  9.5404209321e-08 -8.4986991860e-08 -1.1715982305e-07  4.5038635948e-08  5.8142084758e-08  7.2435710383e-08  1.3348335240e-10  2.1827178511e-08  8.9905503235e-12  8.6334023960e-09  6.2904918887e-13  4.2352662046e-09  1.1999123041e-09  5.0592227308e-08  1.4313719722e-11  1.3060617550e-08  7.3086892961e-09  1.1352799060e-07
     2.2694772066e-05  2.1204704219e-04  1.6994583782e-04 -1.2957279133e-04 -8.1323910888e-05  4.4582050462e-04  4.4629050384e-04 -2.6273207591e-04 -3.0918716803e-04  3.4288466114e-04 -1.3883772624e-04 -1.4517185241e-04  2.4107473401e-04  1.0113441405e-04  2.5727824457e-04  4.1722689967e-08  1.1000993668e-05  5.8583469725e-06  1.7973537937e-05 -2.1014027308e-06  1.0907823294e-04  7.2485251571e-05  2.4049384230e-04 -5.1272994682e-05  2.1008029061e-05  2.4516002815e-05 -7.0126913560e-06  6.7354040843e-05 -1.6044685373e-05  1.9772782607e-05  1.3627771607e-11  1.8553264284e-07 -4.0194756103e-07  2.7227875478e-07 -1.1155786874e-07  1.3631577732e-05 -3.2240755709e-05  3.1656079029e-05 -1.0366442408e-05  9.7385932427e-07 -1.0517035995e-06  4.2994091360e-07  4.9071136449e-07 -2.9471889562e-07  1.7754338002e-07  4.6118388160e-07  3.9520269502e-05 -5.8334931925e-05  2.4657051919e-05 -2.9644238592e-05  1.7642447955e-04 -3.0426596655e-04  1.4099531922e-04 -1.8266116158e-04  5.7203126885e-05 -3.3606180221e-05  3.7810904826e-05  2.2119508925e-05 -1.5698059360e-05  2.7150810770e-05  7.4105987161e-10  5.0593379814e-06 -1.2009056346e-05 -2.5826648099e-06 -9.7491614940e-07  7.8602212271e-05 -2.0968063168e-04 -4.6096335808e-05 -2.8394272726e-05  9.4692007199e-06  3.2905196720e-06  9.4877694296e-07  1.1352210525e-06  2.3664124036e-07  9.2383272133e-07  3.9234733372e-05  4.5839330429e-04 -1.3209913815e-05  3.3147716929e-04 -2.4776845196e-04  5.8894533093e-04  1.5609781313e-05  4.2135514289e-04 -4.2414731382e-04  2.8932342648e-04 -1.2971514680e-05 -1.9140722769e-05  4.3194890863e-04 -1.8644054400e-04  4.1509634692e-04  1.4849247410e-06  4.9003551548e-05  2.4800843768e-06  7.9814811416e-05  1.0556320624e-09  5.3657997257e-06  1.3598897366e-06  7.6836960420e-05  2.5181415360e-10  1.9090879841e-06  1.1352799060e-07  2.0525299446e-05
    Atom   1   O    8
    ...
